 Agreed, what's your point?
 Excuse me?
 One across is Aegean, eight down is Nabakov, twenty-six across is MCM, fourteen down is' move your finger' phylum, which makes fourteen across Port-au-Prince. See, Papa Doc's capital idea, that's Port-au-Prince. Haiti. 
 Yes. Um, is this the High IQ sperm bank?
 Thank-you. We'll be right back.
 What, are you kidding? You're a semi-pro. 
 Sheldon, this was your idea. A little extra money to get fractional T1 bandwidth in the apartment.
 I'm sure she'll still love him.
 Well, what do you want to do?
 Okay.
 I don't know, I've never reneged on a proffer of sperm before.
 Okay.
 See you.
 No.
 Not really.
 I don't care. Two millimetres? That doesn't seem right.
 Is that why they sent you to boarding school?
 New neighbour?
 Significant improvement over the old neighbour.
 Hi.
 Hi.
 We don't mean to interrupt, we live across the hall.
 Oh' uh' no' we don't live together' um' we live together but in separate, heterosexual bedrooms.
 Leonard, Sheldon.
 Hi.
 Hi. Well, uh, oh, welcome to the building.
 Oh, great.
 Great. Well, bye.
 Bye. 
 Should we have invited her for lunch?
 We already watched the Season Two DVDs.
 I think we should be good neighbours, invite her over, make her feel welcome.
 Well, then that was wrong of us. We need to widen our circle.
 Yes, and you've never met one of them.
 I'm going to invite her over. We'll have a nice meal and chat.
 Well it's not difficult, you just listen to what she says and then you say something appropriate in response.
 Hi. Again.
 Hi.
 Anyway, um. We brought home Indian food. And, um. I know that moving can be stressful, and I find that when I'm undergoing stress, that good food and company can have a comforting effect. Also, curry is a natural laxative, and I don't have to tell you that, uh, a clean colon is just one less thing to worry about.
 Uh, yes.
 Great.
 Okay, well, make yourself at home.
 You're very welcome.
 I have a board. If you like boards, this is my board.
 What?
 At least I didn't have to invent twenty-six dimensions just to make the math come out.
 In what universe?
 Here we go.
 Just sit somewhere else.
 Sheldon, sit!
 Well this is nice. We don't have a lot of company over.
 Yes I now, but'
 Yes, I remember.
 I'm sorry.
 I said I'm sorry.
 Yeah, it's like regular boggle but, in Klingon. That's probably enough about us, tell us about you.
 I think what Sheldon's trying to say, is that Sagittarius wouldn't have been our first guess.
 Wu-uh, do you have some sort of a job?
 Oh, okay. I love cheesecake.
 I don't eat it, I just think it's a good idea.
 So it's based on your life?
 Well, if that was a movie I would go see it.
 Well it sounds wonderful.
 Don't.
 Should I say something? I feel like I should say something.
 No, it's not crazy it's, uh, uh, it's a paradox. And paradoxes are part of nature, think about light. Now if you look at Huygens, light is a wave, as confirmed by the double slit experiments, but then, along comes Albert Einstein and discovers that light behaves like particles too. Well, I didn't make it worse.
 Our shower works.
 No.
 No.
 It's right down the hall.
 How so?
 That's not true, remember at Thanksgiving my grandmother with Alzheimer's had that episode.
 The worst part was watching her carve that turkey.
 Excuse me?
 Well I'm not trying to have sex with her.
 What makes you think she wouldn't have sex with me, I'm a male and she's a female?
 I'm not going to engage in hypotheticals here, I'm just trying to be a good neighbour.
 That's not to say that if a carnal relationship were to develop that I wouldn't participate. However briefly.
 It's Darth Vader shampoo. 
 See what?
 This is not a good time.
 That's great, you guys have to go.
 It's just not a good time.
 No. And she's not a lady, she's just a new neighbour.
 Uh-huh.
 I'm not anticipating coitus.
: Can we please stop saying coitus?
 Come on, I'll show you the trick with the shower.
 Save it for your blog, Howard.
 Uh, there it goes, it sticks, I'm sorry.
 You're welcome, oh, you're going to step right, okay, I'll'.
 The hair products are Sheldon's.
 A favour? Sure, you can ask me a favour, I would do you a favour for you.
 Oh, I'll probably say yes.
 Wow.
 Must we?
 She asked me to do her a favour, Sheldon.
 Which is?
 That's a biological impossibility and you didn't have to come.
 Come on, you know how it is with break-ups.
 Wuh, I, I broke up with Joyce Kim.
 To mend her broken heart. This situation is much less complicated. There's some kind of dispute between Penny and her ex-boyfriend as to who gets custody of the TV. She just wanted to avoid having a scene with him.
 No, Sheldon, there's not going to be a scene. There's two of us and one of him.
 Hi, I'm Leonard, this is Sheldon.
 What did I just'. Uh, we're here to pick up Penny's TV.
 We're not going to give up just like that.
 Excuse me, if I were to give up at the first little hitch I never would have been able to identify the fingerprints of string theory in the aftermath of the big bang.
 Come on, we have a combined IQ of 360, we should be able to figure out how to get into a stupid building.
 Just grab the door.
 This is it. 
 I'm Leonard, this is Sheldon.
 Oh. We're scientists.
 What?
 I'm sorry.
 Sheldon, I'm so sorry I dragged you through this.
 And you were right about my motives, I was hoping to establish a relationship with Penny that might have some day led to sex.
 Anyway, I've learned my lesson. She's out of my league, I'm done with her, I've got my work, one day I'll win the Nobel Prize and then I'll die alone.
 Thank you Sheldon, you're a good friend.
 We're home.
 Well, your ex-boyfriend sends his regards and I think the rest is fairly self-explanatory.
 No, it was a valid hypothesis.
 Really? Great.
 Our babies will be smart and beautiful.
 Is Thai food okay with you Penny?
 There you go, Pad Thai, no peanuts.
 Uh, I'm not sure, everyone keep an eye on Howard in case he starts to swell up.
 Here we go.
 Ask him for a napkin, I dare you. 
 Oh, hi Penny.
 No.
 They're not going anywhere. 
 So, you sort of act as a carbohydrate delivery system.
 Yes.
 So, there's gonna be some furniture delivered?
 Yeah, no problem.
 Penny, wait.
 Um, if you don't have any other plans, do you want to join us for Thai food and a Superman movie marathon?
 Unless, Superman matches her speed and decelerates. 
 Excuse me, your entire argument is predicated on the assumption that Superman's flight is a feat of strength.
 I have 26 hundred comic books in there, I challenge you to find a single reference to Kryptonian skin cells.
 Okay, her apartment's on the fourth floor but the elevator's broken so you're going to have to 
 Why not?
 We don't need strength, we're physicists. We are the intellectual descendents of Archimedes. Give me a fulcrum and a lever and I can move the Earth, it's just a matter' 
 Do you have any ideas?
 Easy, easy 
 What? Oh, okay, uh, okay, yeah, no problem, just come up here and help me pull and turn.
 Men do things for women without expecting sex.
 I'm doing this to be a good neighbour. In any case, there's no way it could lower the odds.
 Almost there, almost there, almost there. 
 You okay?
 So Penny's a little messy.
 Did it ever occur to you that not everyone has the compulsive need to sort, organise and label the entire world around them?
 Well they don't. Hard as it may be for you to believe, most people don't sort their breakfast cereal numerically by fibre content.
 Come on, we should go.
 What are you doing?
 Sheldon, this is not your home.
 When the transvestite lived here, you didn't care how he kept the place.
 What were you doing in his closet?
 Oh, hey Penny, this just arrived, we just brought this up, just now.
 No.
 No.
 Well, we'll get out of your hair.
 It's a joke.
 Yeah, he didn't tell it right.
 Sheldon?
 Sheldon? Hello? 
 Sheldon!
 Are you insane, you can't just break into a woman's apartment in the middle of the night and clean.
 Do you realise that if Penny wakes up, there is no reasonable explanation as to why we're here?
 No, no. You gave me an explanation, it's reasonableness will be determined by a jury of your peers.
 Sheldon, we have to get out of here.
 What?
 That's ridiculous.
 O-o-o-oh! 
 Oh, what the hell.
 Morning. 
 I'm not surprised. A well known folk cure for insomnia is to break into your neighbour's apartment and clean.
 You think?
 You know what, you've convinced me, maybe tonight we should sneak in and shampoo her carpet.
 Yes! For God's sake, Sheldon, do I have to hold up a sarcasm sign every time I open my mouth.
 No, I do not have a sarcasm sign.
 Penny's up.
 How did she know it was us?
 God, this is going to be bad.
 Yes, but, only to clean.
 I'm very, very sorry.
 Oh, yes, we discussed it at length last night.
 Okay, look, no Penny, I think what you're feeling is perfectly valid, and maybe a little bit later today when you're feeling a little bit less, for lack of a better word, violated, maybe we could talk about this some more.
 Sure, that's another way to go.
 You are going to march yourself over there right now and apologise. 
 No.
 It's fine. You win.
 What did she say? Is she still mad at me?
 Oh.
 Um, here's the thing. 
 Yeah.
 Six two inch dowels.
 One package, Phillips head screws.
 No, please, we insist, it's the least we can do considering. 
 What?
 It is an inefficient design, for example Penny has a flat screen TV, which means all the space behind it is wasted.
 And control it how?
 Also inefficient, and might be loud.
 Oh, really, show me where we put a drip tray, a sluice and an overflow reservoir?
 Oh, I've got it. How about if we replace panels A, B and F and crossbar H with aircraft grade aluminium. 
 Meet back here in an hour?
 Got it.
 Don't panic, this is what the last 97 hours have been about.
 Warriors, unsheathe your weapons, magic wielders raise your wands.
 Stay in formation.
 That's alright, my tail's prehensile, I'll swat him off.
 Raj, no, it's a trap, they're flanking us!
 Forget the sword, Sheldon, help Raj.
 Dammit man, we're dying here. 
 The bastard teleported. 
 You betrayed us for money, who are you?
 No, I can't look at you or your avatar right now.
 Excuse me.
 Oh, right, right right right right.
 Not much. Bro. 
 Uh, yeah, uh, I just, I got your mail again, here.
 Oh no, that's probably not such a good idea. Civil servants have a documented propensity to, you know, snap. 
 No problem. Bye. Oh, and, bye, bro! 
 No, I'm fine. Penny's fine, the guy she's kissing is really fine and'
 What is wrong with you?
 No, I'm not jealous, I'm just a little concerned for her. I didn't like the look of the guy that she was with.
 Yeah. He was kinda dreamy.
 Well, I'm done with Penny. I'm going to be more realistic and go after someone my own speed.
 I don't know. Olivia Geiger?
 Yeah.
 So?
 Look, Howard, if I were to ask Lesley Winkle out it would just be for dinner, I'm not going to walk into the lab, ask her to strip naked and dance for me.
 Hello Lesley.
 Lesley I would like to propose an experiment.
 Right. Lesley, I would like to propose an experiment.
 Pfff, I've done it, about two seconds, 2.6 for minestrone. Anyway, I was thinking more of a bio-social exploration with a neuro-chemical overlay. 
 I was going to characterise it as the modification of our colleague/friendship paradigm, with the addition of a date-like component. But we don't need to quibble over terminology. 
 There is a generally accepted pattern in this area, I would pick you up, take you to a restaurant, then we would see a movie, probably a romantic comedy featuring the talents of Hugh Grant or Sandra Bullock. 
 Heartrate, pheromones, etc, yes. 
 You mean, kiss you now?
 Can you define the parameters of the kiss?
 Thank you. 
 You proposed the experiment, I think you should present your findings first.
 None?
 Ah. Well, thank you for your time.
 None at all?
 Oh, we tried kissing, but the earth didn't move. I mean any more than the 383 miles that it was going to move anyway. 
 I know what you're thinking, I've taken your asthma into account. There's a feline geneticist in San Diego who has developed the cutest little hypo-allergenic calicos. 
 I've been thinking about names, I'm kind of torn between Einstein, Newton and Sergeant Fuzzyboots. 
 Maybe, if it's a cute little cuddly cat.
 It doesn't matter. The woman's not interested in me, the woman rejected me. 
 You're right. I didn't ask her out, I should ask her out.
 No, but you're right. I should march over there and ask her out. 
 Good afternoon Penny, so hi, hey. Uh' I was wondering if you had plans for dinner.
 There is an inherent ambiguity in the word dinner. Technically it refers to the largest meal of the day whenever it is consumed, so, to clarify here, by dinner I mean supper.
 Or dinner. I was thinking six thirty, if you can go, or a different time.
 Really? Great!
 Us guys?
 They'. might all be there. Or a subset of them might be there, uh, algebraically speaking there are too many unknowns, for example Sheldon had Quizznos for lunch, sometimes he finds that filling, other times he doesn't, it's no fault of Quizznos, they have a varied menu.
 Great. Did we say a time?
 And that's still good for you.
 Cos it's not carved in stone.
 I'll get my chisel.
 To' carve the' okay, I'll see you six thirty.
 How do I look?
 Can you tell I'm perspiring a little?
 Six thirty. 
 Is it too much?
 By the way, if it should ever come up, you didn't join us because you stuffed yourself with a chicken carbonara sub at Quizznos. 
 No reason. Oh, you know what, maybe this isn't such a good idea. 
 You're right, alcohol, poor judgement, it could go well.
 You could have stopped at 'it could go well.'
 I mean, I'm a perfectly nice guy. There's no reason we couldn't go to the restaurant and have a lovely dinner. Maybe take a walk afterwards, talk about things we have in common, 'you love pottery? I love pottery!' You know, there's a pause, we both know what's happening, I lean in, we kiss, it's a little tentative at first but then I realise, she's kissing me back, and she's biting my lower lip, you know, she wants me, this thing is going the distance, we're going to have sex! Oh God! Oh, my God!
 I'm having a panic attack.
 If I could calm down I wouldn't be having a panic attack, that's why they call it a panic attack.
 Why?
 Okay.
 What?
 Oh, who am I kidding, I can't go through with this, you need to call her and cancel.
 Yes.
 I don't know. Tell her I'm sick.
 Not the kind of illness that will make her want to come over and take care of me, but nothing so critical that she'll feel uncomfortable going out with me in the future if I want to try this again.
 Give me the phone. 
 I can't because if I don't show up she'll still be expecting you.
 Stop asking me all these questions, I need to take another shower.
 Oh, yeah, no. Turns out that Raj and Howard had to work, and Sheldon had a colonoscopy and he hasn't quite bounced back yet. 
 You're kidding, well, then, that's something we have in common. 
 We both have people in our lives who' want to nip intestinal polyps in the bud. 
 Nothing.
 Well, with the exception of string theory, not much has happened since the 1930's, and you can't prove string theory, at best you can say 'hey, look, my idea has an internal logical consistency.'
 What's new at the Cheesecake Factory?
 Good. Good. And what about your, uh, hallway friend.
 No, 
 Just say the but thing about Doug and then I'll get her back. 
 Ugh, don't get me started on rebound sex.
 I'm not sure that I do. Um, is that one thirty-six hour experience, or is it thirty six hours spread out over say, one' glorious summer.
 Well, chafing, right?
 Of course, yeah, emotional chafing. Hey, do you want to see something cool? (Penny nods.) I can make this olive go into this glass without touching it. 
 Physics. 
 Actually, it's centripetal force, which is an inward force generated by the glass acting on the olive. 
 Yeah, I'm okay. Did you spill ketchup?
 I'm not okay.
 No, no, I'm okay, it's stopped bleeding.
 Yes, but I get car sick too, so'
 Sorry about your car, by the way.
 The poor guy on the bike. I had a nice time.
 Yeah.
 This? No. No, of course not, this was just you and me hanging out with a bunch of guys who didn't show up, because of work and a colonoscopy.
 When I take a girl out on a date, and I do, she knows she's been dated. Capital D. Bold face, underline, like Day-ted. I think I might have a little concussion, I'm going to go lay down for a while, good night. 
 Awesome!
 Why, did you hit a roadblock with invisibility?
 Interesting.
 Sounds like a breakthrough, should I call the science magazines and tell them to hold the front cover? 
 Then I guess congratulations are in order.
 I know, I'm familiar with you.
 Yes, I was there.
 What?
 Well then we'll avoid Finkleday, we'll meet the new department head, congratulate him, shake his hand and go. 
 Mahalo's a nice touch. 
 Interesting, you should lead with that.
 You don't have buffets in India?
 What. 
 Well, you did call him a glorified high-school science teacher whose last successful experiment was lighting his own farts.
 Morning
 You're making eggs for breakfast?
 Huh? Cos it looks a lot like breakfast.
 Sounds yummy. I look forward to your work with bacon.
 You know, I'm sure if you just apologised to Gablehauser he would give you your job back.
 Okay. I'll let you get back to fixing your eggs.
 And we all thank you.
 What's with the fish?
 What happened to your scrambled egg research?
 So' fish. 
 Fish nightlights.
 Mum's the word. Sheldon, are you sure you don't want to just apologise to Gablehauser and get your job back.
 Like luminous fish.
 Right' I didn't'.
 Thank you for coming on such short notice.
 I didn't know what else to do, he's lost all focus, every day he's got a new obsession. 
 Because one of the great minds of the twenty-first century is raising glow-in-the-dark fish and weaving sarapes. 
 Really, when was the last time you left the house.
 That was three weeks ago.
 Where are you going?
 Oh. 
 I see.
 Sheldon? Your mum made dinner.
 That is a lovely story, um, are we going to do anything about Sheldon?
 Sounds like a wise man.
 A death ray?
 No, we're not, we're not, not a couple, two singles, like those individually wrapped slices of cheese that'. are friends.
 This is ridiculous. Dammit, Sheldon, snap out of it. You're a physicist, you belong at the University doing research, not hiding in your room. 
 Really? That's impressive.
 Hey, how did it go?
 Really? What happened?
 That narrows it down. 
 No, no, no, no, Orcs are magic, Superman is vulnerable to magic, not to mention, you already lost Godzilla to the Illinois Cavalry and Hulk.
 And Orcs!
 Just get a hamburger, you like hamburgers.
 I'm sorry. Give him a hamburger. 
 Make it two. 
 Hey Lesley. 
 Lesley, this is Penny, she lives across the hall from Sheldon and me. 
 Lesley and I do research together at the University. 
 What happened to Elliot Wong?
 Yeah, sure, why not.
 Why at my place?
 Yeah, my parents felt that naming me Leonard and putting me in advanced placement classes wasn't getting me beaten up enough. 
 Lesley? No, no-oh, what are you kidding?
 Thank you Sheldon.
 What did Penny mean, you'd make a cute couple?
 If Penny didn't know that Lesley had already turned me down then that would unambiguously mean that she, Penny, thought that I should her, Lesley, out, indicating that she, Penny, had no interest in me asking her, Penny, out. But because she did know that I had asked Lesley out and that she, Lesley, had turned me down then she, Penny, could be offering consolation. That's too bad, you would have made a cute couple. But while thinking, good, Leonard remains available. 
 How so?
 Well, what do you think.
 Thank you.
 That was fun, Lesley, thanks for including me. 
 Uh, sure, why not. 
 Really?
 I thought you weren't interested in me.
 You mean my cello?
 No kidding?
 Gee, uh'
 Penny? What about her?
 Well, I did have a poppy seed bagel for breakfast, which could give a positive urine test for opiates but certainly not dilate my pupils, so I guess there's no point in bringing it up. 
 No. No, there's nothing going on between Penny and me.
 Yeah. Yeah, I guess I am. 
 Yeah, yeah it is good. Did you want to start now?
 Oh. Okay. A little musical foreplay. Terrific. 
 I'm good, I'm good to go. 
 Are you sure?
 Oh yeah. But doesn't that fix the problem you've been having?
 Thank you, I'll see you at work. 
 Oh, hi.
 Pretty good. 
 Pretty, very, there's really no objective scale for delineating variations of good, why do you ask?
 Sheldon!
 Wuh, I don't'. th-th-th-that's really two different questions, uh, I'm not'. Sheldon, we have to go! 
 Thank you. What did she mean, she's happy for me? Is she happy because I'm seeing someone, or is she happy because she thinks that I'm happy, because anyone who cared for someone would want them to be happy, even if the reason for their happiness made the first person unhappy. You know, because the second person, though happy, is now romantically unavailable to the first person.
 You know what, I'm being ridiculous. But who cares what Penny thinks, Lesley is a terrific girl, she's attractive, we like each other, she's extremely intelligent.
 She fixed your equation.
 You don't believe in luck.
 Regardless, I have a chance at a real relationship with Lesley, I'm not going to pass that up for some hypothetical future happiness with a woman who may or may not want me to be happy with a woman who is currently making me happy. 
 Yeah. 
 Hey, Lesley.
 Brrrr. Why are you smashing a flash frozen banana.
 So anyway 
 Just extending the intimacy. Do you want to slip over to the radiation lab and share a decontamination shower?
 I'm not sure, but I think I'm about to discover how the banana felt. 
 Who wouldn't? 
 Yeah, well, I'm just glad to be a part of it. So what happens now?
 Oh. Okay. Thank you.
 You want to make plans for New Years.
 Doctor what?
 Wha' how did it get on the internet?
 Well, how did you know about it?
 Well, that part's true! 
 No kidding.
 Your old Tuesday hamburger will be so broken hearted. 
 Really?
 Oh, to be honest, I don't think it's going to work out. 
 Well what did she mean by that? Was that just a generic platitude or was that a subtle bid for attention? 
 Are you even listening to me?
 Okay then. You know, you can grow the ingredients for soup. 
 Oh, come on, some battles you win, some battles you lose.
 I think we have to acknowledge, those were some fairly savage pre-adolescent Jews. 
 Sheldon, let it go.
 You hid behind a tree yelling 'get the kid in the yarmulkah, get the kid in the yarmulkah.'
 Hello Penny.
 A party? 
 Yeah, I don't know, Penny'
 We're really more'.
 But thanks, thanks for thinking of us.
 Is there a theme?
 He's asking if we can come as anyone from science-fiction, fantasy'
 Oh, no. 
 We all have other costumes, we can change.
 Okay, how about this, nobody gets to be The Flash, we all change, agreed?
 I call Frodo!
 You went with Thor?
 Hey, Sheldon, there's something I want to talk to you about before we go to the party.
 No, it's not'
 Terrific. Um, this party is my first chance for Penny to see me in the context of her social group, and I need you not to embarrass me tonight. 
 For example, tonight no-one needs to know that my middle name is Leakey. 
 All I'm saying is that this party is the perfect opportunity for Penny to see me as a member of her peer group. A potential close friend and' perhaps more. I don't want to look like a dork. 
 Hey, sorry we're late. 
 Actually, Penny, he's Rob'
 Oh, he's the Doppler Effect.
 Okay. 
 We're socialising. Meeting new people. 
 She's not Catwoman, she's just a generic cat.
 Where do you get this stuff?
 I' want to get to know Penny's friends, I just, I don't know how to talk to these people. 
 How so?
 Go on.
 Then what happens?
 This is ridiculous, I'm jumping in.
 No, you're coming with me.
 Come on.
 Yes. But I need a wing-man.
 Hi.
 Why don't you just tell people you're a zebra?
 Because I'm Frodo.
 Oh no.
 That's Penny's ex-boyfriend.
 If he were any bigger, he'd have moons orbiting him.
 Why should we leave? For all we know, he crashed the party and Penny doesn't even want him here. 
 Maybe they just want to be friends. 
 Then he and I are on equal ground.
 Look, if this was 15,000 years ago, by virtue of his size and strength, Kurt would be entitled to his choice of female partners.
 Yes, but our society has undergone a paradigm shift, in the information age, Sheldon, you and I are the alpha males. We shouldn't have to back down. 
 No. I'm going to assert my dominance face to face. 
 Hello Penny. Hello Kurt.
 No, I'm a Hobbit.
 Uh, a Hobbit is a mortal Halfling inhabitant of Middle Earth, whereas an Elf is an immortal tall warrior. 
 I think we're all talking to Penny here.
 Okay, I understand your impulse to try to physically intimidate me. I mean, you can't compete with me on an intellectual level and so you're driven to animalistic puffery. 
 No, I said animalistic. Of course we're all animals, but some of us have climbed a little higher on the evolutionary tree. 
 No, Penny, it's okay, I can handle this. I'm not a dwarf, I'm a Hobbit. A Hobbit. Are misfiring neurons in your hippocampus preventing the conversion from short-term to long-term memory?
 A homo-habilus discovering his opposable thumbs says what?
 I think I've made my point.
 There's not going to be a confrontation, in fact I doubt if he can even spell confrontation.
 Yeah, no, I'm fine. It's good, it's a good party, thanks for having us, it's just getting a little late so'.
 What's that?
 No.
 Good night Sheldon.
 Hi Penny.
 I'm fine. 
 It's not your fault.
 So why was he at your party?
 There there. 
 Nothing, you're perfect.
 Yes you are. 
 Penny?
 How much have you had to drink tonight?
 Are you sure that your being drunk, and your being angry with Kurt doesn't have something to do with what's going on here?
 Yeah, I'm a frickin' genius. 
 Because if all guys were like me, the human race couldn't survive. 
 Probably. 
 That's right, you saw what you saw. That's how we roll in The Shire. 
 Here, let me try. Call McFlono McFloonyloo. Heh-heh. 
 So? We'll start now.
 Sure. What's going on.
 So, if you don't like this Christie, why are you letting her stay? 
 Oh, I don't think she's a whore.
 Okay, fine, we'll just play one on one until he gets back. 
 Well the only way we can play teams at this point is if we cut Raj in half.
 Great idea.
 It's the only way we can play teams. 
 Penny, you are on fire.
 Well, to be fair, he is also a rather unpleasant winner. 
 You know, Penny, we make such a good team, maybe we could enter a couple of Halo tournaments sometime.
 I guess for you that's an option.
 Good night.
 She's an enigma, Raj. 
 She's gone, Sheldon. 
 What's wrong?
 Are you sure?
 No, take the couch, or my bed, I just got new pillows, hypo-allergenics. 
 Let me guess, you have a problem with this.
 It's up to you, crazy person's choice. 
 Your friendship means a lot to me as well, what else? 
 So? 
 I'm sorry, are you suggesting that if we let Penny stay we might succumb to cannibalism?
 Penny, if you promise not to chew the flesh off our bones while we sleep, you can stay. 
 I'll get you a blanket and a pillow. 
 Here you go.
 Sorry about that.
 FYI, his toothbrush is the red one in the plexiglass case under the UV light. 
 Well, sleep tight.
 Funny expression, sleep tight. It refers to the early construction of beds which featured a mattress suspended on interlocking ropes which would occasionally' sleep tight. 
 What are you doing? 
 Penny's still sleeping.
 I know, I know, look, you have a TV in your room, why don't you just have breakfast in bed? 
 Almost 6:30. 
 Oh, no, it's 6:30 in the morning.
 Leonard. 
 Penny, you're always welcome to stay with us.
 For one thing you live with your mother.
 Sheldon you just can't dictate'
 Howard, can't you see she's using you?
 We can't order Chinese food without Wolowitz?
 I see a problem. 
 So, we'll just order three entrees.
 Can we get an order of dumplings, but with three instead of four.
 This isn't a substitution, it's a reduction. 
 Fine, bring us three orders of dumplings, that's twelve, we'll each have four. 
 If we have extra, we'll just take the leftovers home.
 Wolowitz is with his new girlfriend, if you had let me invite Penny then you would have had your fourth.
 We don't order egg rolls.
 Here's an idea, why don't we just go out for Indian food.
 Yeah, we can always divide soup.
 Well, with Wolowitz spending all of his time with your friend Christie, 
 Right, anyway, uh, with Wolowitz occupied elsewhere, we had something we wanted to ask you. Sheldon?
 Sheldon, remember, we role-played this.
 Maybe we should have asked if we could go dancing with her and her girlfriend. 
 So?
 Aaah, for God's sake, Sheldon, you are driving me crazy. 
 No, I'm pretty sure my anger's with you.
 Who are you calling?
 Sheldon, think this through, you're going to ask Howard to choose between sex and Halo.
 You're right, all sex has is nudity, orgasms and human contact. 
 Now, Raj, kill Sheldon.
 Well then start throwing grenades.
 That will do, Raj, straight for the tank.
 There's a sniper, use your rocket launcher. 
 I thought I heard something. 
 No, never mind, alright, go. 
 Problem?
 Okay, now, do you really need the honorary Justice League of America membership card?
 Why?
 Hi.
 Hi! 
 Yeah, we're not like Haroun and Tanweer!
 Actually, I read somewhere that it's one of the most popular programmes in India. 
 I bet you're right.
 I'm not a big fan of musicals, but I love that show. 
 What? 
 Well, maybe we are like Haroun and Tanweer. 
 Hey, I thought you were finding new friends.
 So don't call her.
 So call her. 
 I'm done, anybody else?
 Look on the bright side, she might turn out to be a nice, beautiful girl. 
 Oh, hey. 
 His mom's been saying that for years. What's up?
 Oh, great, well the key to acquiring proficiency in any task is repetition.
 Look, Penny, we'd love to help you, but Raj is going through some stuff right now. And besides, he doesn't drink, so' 
 Thank you. This drink is a wonderful example of how liquids with different specific gravities interact in a cylindrical container. Thank you. 
 Whatever you recommend.
 It's amazing.
 Um' Raj.
 Wait a minute, what's the plan here? Let's say he meets her and he likes her and they get married, what's he going to do, stay drunk for the rest of his life?
 What happened?
 What?
 I'm pretty sure her name's Lalita.
 We all know the reason. Sheldon, what are you getting at?
 Beats the hell out of me. 
 Doctor and Mrs Koothrappali, in all fairness, it wasn't entirely Raj's fault. 
 No, I'm Leonard. 
 You left with his date. Friends don't do that to each other. 
 Take it, Raj. It's more than I've ever gotten. 
 Hold on. What happened with you and Lalita?
 So you're not going to see her again?
 I wonder who's going to tell his parents they're not having grandchildren. 
 I don't believe it, what's gotten into him? 
 You didn't?
 Okay, the X10s are online.
 Hang on, hang on, do you not realise what we just did.
 No, no, no, you don't get it, um, Howard, enable public access. 
 No, hang on, hang on. 
 Wireless webcams, wave hello. 
 Who's running the red Corvette?
 Sheldon, why is this letter in the trash? 
 It's from the Institute for Experimental Physics. They want us to present our paper on the properties of super solids at the topical conference on Bowes-Einstein condensates. 
 Okay' if I may drill down to the bedrock of my question, why did you throw it out.
 Forget the parties.
 Are there any other honours I've gotten that I don't know about? Did UPS drop off a Nobel Prize with my name on it?
 Shut up, Howard. Sheldon, we have to do this.
 Okay, let me put it this way, I'm doing it.
 Oh, come on. The only reason you're the lead author is because we went alphabetically. 
 Excuse me, I designed the experiment that proved the hypothesis. 
 So the entire scientific community is just supposed to take your word?
 Alright, I don't care what you say, I'm going to the conference and I'm presenting our findings. 
 You forbid it?
 Oh, you admit that it's our work.
 Ah!
 Not only is he still not talking to me, but there's this thing he does where he stares at you and tries to get your brain to explode. You know, like in the classic sci-fi movie Scanners? 
 They don't, that's why I saved this one. 
 Is this all stuff you want me to try on?
 Oh.
 Oh, that's the bottled city of Kandor. 
 You see, Kandor was the capital city of the planet Krypton, it was miniaturised by Brainiac before Krypton exploded and then rescued by Superman. 
 It's a lot cooler when girls aren't looking at it.
 Great, be right back.
 Here?
 No, I'm not shy.
 I know you won't look, why would you look, there's nothing to see, well, not nothing'.
 Putting them on.
 No. No. Scientists do not compromise. Our minds are trained to synthesise facts and come to inarguable conclusions. Not to mention, Sheldon is batcrap crazy. 
 Oh, careful. That's my original series Battlestar Galactica flight suit. 
 Because it's not a costume, it's a flight suit. 
 Uh-huh, it goes with my corduroy suit. 
 Ah. Technically yes, but, if you'll notice, it's reversible. So it works as two. 
 Yeah. Everything since the eighth grade. 
 My last growth spurt. 
 Great.
 What' 
 Okay, I'm leaving for the conference. 
 Sheldon I didn't mean it like that.
 I don't know, I wasn't choosing my'
 No, no not at all. A little bit. 
 Okay, I'm going to ask you one more time, we did the work together, lets present the paper together.
 Let's go.
 You're right, this side does look better. 
 You're kidding. 
 All? In particle physics, twenty five is Woodstock. 
 I wasn't expecting such a crowd, I'm a little nervous. 
 A joke. Okay. How about this, um, okay, uh there's this farmer, and he has these chickens, but they won't lay any eggs. So, he calls a physicist to help. The physicist then does some calculations, and he says, um, I have a solution, but it only works with spherical chickens in a vacuum. 
 It's a classic, right? 
 So, in conclusion, the data show that at temperatures approaching absolute zero, the moment of inertia changes, and the solid becomes a super-solid, which clearly appears to be a previously unknown state of matter. 
 Any other questions?
 I didn't skip it, it's just an anecdote. It's not science.
 You are not Isaac Newton.
 You cannot possibly be that arrogant.
 Look, if you weren't happy with my presentation then maybe you should have given it with me.
 Really, so why did you come?
 I didn't screw it up.
 I've had enough of your condescension. Maybe I didn't go to college when I was eleven like you, maybe I got my doctorate at 24 instead of 16, but you are not the only person who is smarter than everyone else in this room. No offense. And I am clearly not the only person who is tormented by insecurity and has an ego in need of constant validation.
 Yes. 
 You cannot blow up my head with your mind. 
 You were trying to blow up my head.
 It wasn't, it was not, you are a nutcase.
 Stop, stop it, quit it. 
 You're lucky I didn't run you over. 
 You're right, I'm the problem, I'm the one that needs help. 
 Excuse me. Is there anything you'd like to apologise for?
 What? 
 Oh jeez. Is this suit really look that bad?
 See, the liquid metal Terminators were created in the future by Skynet, and Skynet was developed by Miles Dyson, but that future no longer exists, due to Dyson's death in Terminator 2.
 Skynet is kinky? I don't know. 
 Alright, oh wait, they use it to in'
 What the hell is that? 
 What? Oh we just had to' mail some letters and 
 Oh, I give up.
 Believe it or not, personal growth. What happened?
 No you don't. No he doesn't.
 Oh, congratulations, what a lucky break.
 No you don't. He doesn't.
 Because'. uh, Friday, we are attending a symposium on molecular positronium.
 No, it's this Friday, at eight. 
 See you. 
 Yes, I did. 
 So?
 Sheldon, are you worried about your safety.
 That's very true. 
 What?
 It's two o'clock in the morning
 I highly doubt that. Go away.
 Sheldon, what is it? 
 What was I supposed to say. 
 That would have hurt her feelings. 
 Yes.
 And what would I have said afterwards? 
 I couldn't say that, I would have to say, you were terrific and I can't wait to hear you sing again. 
 It's the social protocol, it's what you do when you have a friend who's proud of something they really suck at. 
 Well now you are.
 Yes.
 Oooaw. This would be so much easier if I were a violent sociopath. 
 How?
 You told her I lied, why would you tell her I lied?
 I'm sorry, I'm not seeing the help.
 Oh, I'm getting a bad feeling. 
 Your cousin Leopold?
 What's important?
 Do you have a cousin Leopold.
 I don't get it, I already told her a lie, why replace it with a different lie?
 Un-unravelable?
 Okay, why would I go to a drug intervention for your cousing.
 We're going to Long Beach?
 Oh, come on!
 So he goes back into rehab?
 You still told her I lied.
 I don't know. How am I supposed to remember all of this.
 So she's expecting me to lie about going to a symposium in Pasadena, when in actuality we're pretending to go to a drug intervention in Long Beach? 
 Oh, well, thankyou.
 I don't know what to say. 
 Oh, okay, alright, good. 
 Howard, I'm sorry' we're' we're
 I don't know what to say.
 Howard, listen'
 Well' I don't know what to say. 
 Oh, another hug, thank you.
 Thanks Penny. 
 No, we're not going to Long Beach.
 Because Sheldon doesn't have a drug addicted cousin Leopold. 
 Wait, are we really going to Long Beach? 
 Let it go, Sheldon, the murderer was the first mate whether it makes sense to you or not. 
 What are you talking about, it's fine, she bought it, it's over. 
 Why not? 
 There is no Leo, how can you say that? 
 I've got a solution.
 Get out.
 Who are you? 
 Oh, God! Sheldon does not have a cousin Leo.
 Sheldon?
 Yeah, I got it, Sheldon, why?
 Oh'!
 Well, that's Leo. Hey, um, why don't you tell me about your showcase last night?
 There were only two people there?
 As you can see, detoxing can get pretty ugly, let's give them some privacy.
 Sounds good.
 Gee, why wouldn't I?
 Yeah! Funny how things work out. 
 How long is he going to stay here.
 O-o-o-o-h! Again?
 Just reset the board.
 Hey! 
 Yeah, right here. How was Nebraska?
 How was your family?
 Here we go. 
 Sheldon, relax, she doesn't have any symptoms, I'm sure she's not contagious.
 Penny, you'll have to excuse Sheldon, he's a bit of a germophobe. 
 You'd better go before he starts spraying you with Lysol. 
 No problem. Welcome home. 
 What the hell are you doing?
 With lime jello?
 I don't think so.
 Sheldon, you are not sick. This is, but you are not. 
 Sheldon, don't you think you're overreacting? 
 I'm going back to bed. 
 What for? 
 I mix pancake batter in this! 
 You had time to make a label for everything in this apartment, including the label maker, but you didn't have ten seconds to make one that said urine cup? 
 Huh. I guess I owe the Betty Crocker company a letter of apology. 
 Yes.
 Yes.
 They asked me to come in.
 They texted me. 
 No kidding?
 Alright, well, get some rest and drink plenty of fluids. 
 Drink whatever you want.
 Then make soup. 
 I'm at work, Sheldon. 
 Yes, 
 Yes, they're training dogs to operate the centrifuge for when they need dogs to operate the centrifuge for blind scientists, I have to go. 
 Howard, it's Leonard, code Milky Green. 
 Affirmative, with fever.
 Howard, listen to me.
 I tried to stop you. 
 You call Koothrappali, we need to find a place to lay low for the next eighteen to twenty four hours. 
 Five movies, two hours apiece. It's a start. 
 Oh, hi Penny!
 I'm' uh' at work.
 I'm' uh' in a' I'm in a radiation suit. What's up?
 Uh, yeah, I'd be' I'd be happy to Penny. 
 Oh dammit, my glasses. Okay, I'm blind here guys, can you help me find them?
 Oh great.
 Yeah, at home. 
 You want me to get eye surgery? 
 I'm thinking! 
 What do you see, what do you see.
 Okay, he must be in his bedroom. My spare glasses are in my bedroom, on my dresser, next to my Bat-signal. 
 Raj?
 Well I can't do it, I can't see anything. 
 Fine.
 Won't my footsteps set it off? 
 Well, how do I carry it if I'm on my hands and knees?
 What? 
 Then just say go straight. 
 Alright 
 It wasn't on? 
 Then why did I have to crawl? 
 Okay, it's on.
 I know. 
 Hi!
 Well, I had to, you see what he's like. 
 No! 
 W-wait! 
 Wait! Penny! Take me with you! 
 I don't think Penny's ever coming here again. 
 Yeah, so?
 If I stand, I'll vomit. 
 Lay it on me. 
 How about that. 
 Would the new Sheldon be in any way an improvement on the old Sheldon? 
 That is a problem. 
 Graduate work, very impressive.
 Advantage Kim. 
 Yes sir. 
 So, Dennis, how long have you been in America.
 No kidding, you speak English really well.
 What are you talking about? 
 Come on, Sheldon, we've hardly shown him anything.
 Huh, yeah? 
 Come on, Dennis, I'll show you the rec centre, they've got nautilus equipment.
 Not heavy ones. 
 Come on, Dennis, I'll show you the radiation lab.
 It's like looking into an obnoxious little mirror, isn't it? 
 Something you'd like to share? A tale of woe perhaps.
 Just eat, Sheldon, you'll feel better. 
 You can't let this kid get to you. You always knew that someday someone would come along who was younger and smarter.
 Well, what are you going to do, Sheldon, give up?
 Hey.
 Great.
 Great.
 Great. 
 Okay, well, right now I'm designing an experiment to study the soft component of cosmic radiation at sea-level, but I really don't need any help. 
 Yes.
 It would blow up.
 Pretty sure.
 Okay, Sheldon, I understand that you're going through a bit of a career crisis, you're searching for some other area where you can feel valuable and productive but I need to tell you something and I want you to listen carefully. 
 Go away.
 If he were, I wouldn't be. 
 Is that even possible?
 Like what? He'll never be able to cope with the fact that some fifteen year-old kid is smarter and more accomplished than he is. 
 Hang on, are we talking about murdering Dennis Kim? I'm not saying no. 
 That won't happen, he's not interested in anything but physics.
 What?
 Howard, he's fifteen.
 Howard, that's racist, any fifteen year-old girl will do the trick. 
 It's take your daughter to work day. 
 Okay, so we now have a socially awkward genius in a room full of attractive age-appropriate women. 
 Does anyone else see the flaw in this plan?
 Like what? We can't get fifteen year-old girls drunk. '
 No, we can't. 
 Okay, we cannot leave this to chance, lets pick a girl, and figure out how to get her together with Dennis. 
 Sure. If he wants to spend a couple of years doing her homework while she drinks herself into a stupor with non-fat White Russians, while you're the one holding her head out of the toilet while she's puking and telling you she wishes more guys were like you, and they she gets into Cornell because you wrote her essay for her, and you drive up to visit her one weekend and she acts like she doesn't even know you. 
 I think that's our girl. One of us should go talk to her. 
 I can't just go up and talk to her. Howard, you talk to her. 
 Well, we're not in India. 
 Okay, that was uncalled for.
 The kid got a girl. 
 Yeah, mission accomplished. 
 Well, why do we go home alone every night, we're still smart. 
 I don't know if the ticket was so much for the launch as it was for you telling the policewoman 'you have to frisk me, I have a rocket in my pants.'
 Yeah, we really ruined his life. 
 Still, I'd like to know the details. His mother was human, his father was Vulcan, they couldn't just conceive.
 What did you spill on it?
 I'll take a look at it. 
 You're kidding, why not?
 This is our year! With those guys out, the entire physics bowl will kneel before Zod. 
 Come on, you need a four person team, we're four people. 
 Sheldon, what, do I need to quote Spock's dying words to you.
 The needs of the many.
 The ladies?
 Let's put it to a vote. All those in favour'.
 Will the gentleman from the great state of denial yield for a question? 
 After we go through the exercise of an annoying series of votes, all of which the gentleman will lose, does he then intend to threaten to quit if he does not get his way?
 I move we are the Army Ants, all those in favour?
 Yes.
 Oh, uh, he'll be okay once the women are mixed into the crowd. He only has a problem when they're one on one and smell nice.
 I was actually the one who noticed, okay, let's just start. 
 I knew that too.
 Just ask another one.
 Sheldon, you have to let somebody else answer. 
 Howard, sit down.
 maybe we should take a little break.
 Can it wait, I need to talk to you.
 Why do they say AA? 
 Isn't that confusing? AA might mean something else to certain people. 
 No, I meant'. never mind. Hey, check it out. I got you a Batman cookie jar!
 Well, you're a friend, and you like Batman, and cookies, and you're off the team. 
 Howard, Raj and I just had a team meeting. 
 Yes we did, I just came from it.
 Okay, let me try it this way, uh, I was at a coffee klatch with a couple of friends and one thing led to another and it turns out you're off the team. 
 Because you're taking all the fun out of it.
 Okay, let me try it this way, you're annoying and no-one wants to play with you any more. 
 Thanks for the heads up. 
 Yes.
 He won't say. He just smiles, and eats macaroons out of his bat jar. 
 How exactly would that laugh go? 
 Guys, let's remember that Sheldon is still our friend and my room mate.
 So nothing, let's destroy him. 
 Raj, we're not getting TV's Blossom to join our physics bowl team. 
 We can't ask Leslie Winkle.
 Yes. 
 Fine. Here I go, taking one for the team. In the sack. Hey Leslie.
 Leslie, I have a question for you, and it might be a little awkward, you know, given that I'
 There's not? Gee, cos it sure sounds like there should be. 
 That's all very comforting, but if it's okay, I'd like to get on with my question now.
 We are entering the physics bowl and we need a fourth for our team.
 She's in. 
 Oh, yeah. You know you don't have to stay for the whole thing. 
 Sheldon.
 So, is that your team.
 Here's your tee-shirt. 
 No, it stands for Perpetual Motion Squad. 
 The Eta Meson.
 Prevost's theory of exchanges. 
 What the hell is that.
 Come on, think, Leslie.
 You're never going to let that go, are you? 
 Sorry, I panicked. 
 Um, eight. 
 Hang on. Sheldon, is proving that you are single-handedly smarter than everyone else so important that you would rather lose by yourself than win as part of a team. 
 Go ahead.
 Sorry, somebody's sitting there.
 My Physics Bowl Trophy! 
 I know someone who would disagree.
 My Physics Bowl Trophy! 
 You're right, I'm sorry. 
 What are you doing?
 Bring it on.
 How do you know these things?
 Wait, I don't think it's Shatner.
 I don't believe it.
 Some guy is auctioning off a miniature time machine prop from the original film and no-one is bidding on it. 
 No, a time machine from Sophie's Choice. 
 Uh-huh.
 Yeah. And that's my bid.
 It was a spur of the moment thing, I figured it would go for thousands and I just wanted to be a part of it. 
 Not to blow on a miniature time machine. 
 Come on, snipers. 
 Where are your snipers?
 Snipe.
 Snipe. 
 Snipe!
 SNIPE!
 Aaaa-aw! 
 Yeah, I know, I still can't afford it. 
 I just assumed. Who sells a full sized time machine for $800?
 How are we going to get it upstairs? 
 Yes but the elevator's been broken for two years. 
 Come on, guys, push. 
 Oh, just, you know, moving' something upstairs. 
 It's' you know, time machine. 
 Uh, just give us a few minutes.
 Hey, if you wait for us to set up the time machine, I can drop you off at work yesterday. Time travel joke, it's not' never mind. 
 Let's just do this. Guys, ready to push?
 Yeah. It is by far the coolest thing I have ever owned. 
 Seconded. 
 That sounds fair.
 Sheldon, you can't be selfish, we all paid for it, so it belongs to all of us. Now out of the way so I can sit in my time machine. 
 So, when it's your turn you can.
 Okay, I am setting the dials for January 10
 Are you okay?
 That doesn't sound too bad.
 Sorry.
 The lights flash and the dish spins, you wanna try it?
 So?
 Because I want to go back and keep myself from getting a time machine.
 Can I go back and prevent you from explaining that to me?
 What if I knocked you unconscious right now? 
 But it would make the present so much nicer. 
 What was your first clue?
 Yes I'm upset. 
 Yeah, good for you. 
 I don't know. Maybe.
 Uh, here's the thing. Girls like Penny never end up with guys who own time machines. 
 Thanks for pointing it out.
 Those are movies.
 Come on, guys, push. 
 Oh, just, you know, moving a' time machine. 
 No problem. 
 Some things are more important than toys. 
 Don't worry baby, I've got you.
 I'm packing up all my collectibles and taking them down to the comic book store to sell. 
 It's not about money.
 Terrific, does anyone want to buy my share of the time machine?
 Because I don't want it any more. 
 Just' personal reasons. 
 Look, do you want to buy me out or not?
 I paid two hundred dollars for my share.
 No, no more toys or action figures or props or replicas or costumes or robots or Darth Vader voice changers, I'm getting rid of all of it. 
 Not for long.
 It's not a bidding war, I'm selling it all to Larry down at the comic book store. 
 He offered me a fair price for the whole collection.
 Forget it guys, if I sell to one of you, the other two are going to be really mad at me.
 Sorry Raj, my mind is made up.
 Sheldon, get out of my way.
 Okay. I did not want to do this but, I have here the rare mint condition production error Star Trek: The Next Generation Geordi LaForge, without his visor in the original packaging. If you do not get out of my way, I will open it. 
 No, I needed to hear it.
 Still, I think it's time for me to get rid of this stuff and' you know' move on with my life. 
 Yeah.
 Thanks. Hey, do you want to, I don't know, later'
 Sheldon, are you okay? 
 It is a little big for the living room, isn't it?
 I'm glad you agree. I hired some guys to help us move it, come on in fellas. 
 On the other hand, some physicists are concerned that if the super collider actually works, it will create a black hole and swallow up the Earth ending life as we know it. 
 I don't know, Raj. Maybe the comic book store doesn't have a bulletin board. 
 Sheldon's office? Is she lost? 
 Maybe she's his lawyer.
 Howard'
 Oh, hey buddy. 
 Sheldon, are you going to introduce us? 
 You too, swell, also.
 So, how do you two know each other.
 Excuse me?
 So Missy, what brings you all the way from Texas? 
 If the wedding's not until tomorrow, why don't you stay with us tonight? 
 Look, you're here, we have plenty of room.
 So it's settled. You'll stay with us.
 Hee-hee, just classic. 
 Those are not mine.
 Yeah, no, I do, I use those' uh' just to polish up my' spear-fishing equipment. I spear fish. When I'm not crossbow hunting, I spear fish. Uh, Penny, this is Sheldon's twin sister, Missy. Missy, this is our neighbour Penny.
 I wasn't staring! 
 Oh. Huh, um, maybe, if you like women who are tall' and perfect. 
 I brought snacks.
 Onion dip, it's onion dip. 
 We don't entertain much. 
 Bye Missy, see you.
 Uh, yeah, no, uh, bye Penny.
 Excuse me, this is my apartment and she's my roommate's sister.
 How do I have Penny? In what universe do I have Penny?
 Hell, no! 
 Sheldon, can I talk to you in private?
 Thank you. 
 Sheldon, are you aware that your sister is an incredibly attractive woman?
 That's fascinating, but I'
 Alright, noted. But my point is that Koothrappali and Wolowitz' they're hitting on your sister. 
 That's great, but I'.
 Whatever. You have to do something about it.
 Because she's your sister. 
 Okay, uh'. oh, consider this. With your father gone, it is your responsibility to make sure that Missy chooses a suitable mate. 
 Uh-huh. 
 Exactly. And, you owe it to yourself and to posterity to protect the genetic integrity of your sister's future offspring. 
 He's the man of his family, you have to respect his wishes.
 Say what?
 We all make mistakes, let's move on. 
 Sheldon, you are really being unreasonable. 
 I agree. Sheldon's sister is hiding at Penny's because we've all been hitting on her at the same time. 
 Sit down.
 If we're going to fight over Missy, let's do it the right way. The honourable way.
 And he's down!
 Stay down, bitch. Yeah, ha ha, natural selection at work.
 Excuse me while I go tell Missy the good news. 
 Hi Penny, how's it going. Listen, that guy Mike that you were dating, is that still going on?
 Nothing, just catching up. By the way, may I speak to Missy please? 
 Well, since you're leaving tomorrow I was wondering if you'd like to go out to dinner with me?
 Oh. You have other plans, or'?
 Oh. Alright uh' enjoy the rest of your evening.
 Oh, it's called trestling.
 Forget about the cake, how did you know that my birthday is Saturday? 
 Oh, I don't think so.
 I don't celebrate my birthday.
 No, it's no big deal, it's just the way I was raised. My parents focussed on celebrating achievements, and being expelled from a birth canal was not considered one of them.
 Thank you.
 No. But it was okay. I mean, when I was little I'd think maybe my parents would change their mind, and surprise me with a party, like this one birthday I came home from my Cello lesson, and I saw a lot of strange cars parked out front, and when I got to the door I could hear people whispering, and I could smell German chocolate cake, which is my favourite.
 Uh, it turns out my grandfather had died. '
 Oh, it was kind of like a birthday party. I got to see all my cousins and there was cake, so'7
 Howard, every Thai restaurant in town knows you can't eat peanuts. They see me coming they go 'ah, no peanut boy!'
 Hey. 
 Fine. 
 Seen it.
 Oh. Pass. 
 Look, I am in the Halo battle of my life here, there's this kid in Copenhagen, he has no immune system so all he does is sit in his bubble and play Halo 24/7.
 Not if you believe his doctors. 
 No.
 Here you go, Copenhagen boy, how about a taste of Hans Christian Hand Grenade. 
 What's the matter?
 Oh my God, why did you eat it?
 Well if I had a gun there, would you have shot yourself? 
 Now?
 Alright, um, just, uh, let me get my keys.
 Really, 'cos you don't look like you're swelling up at all, maybe we should just pick up some benedryl at the drug store and go home. 
 Why not?
 Alright, I'll be right back. 
 Excuse me, my friend is having an allergic reaction to peanuts.
 Yes he is.
 Say what you will about the healthcare system in this country, but when they're afraid of lawsuits they sure test everything. 
 You know, before you got all swollen up, I actually thought you were trying to keep me out of the apartment so you could throw me a surprise party. 
 There is a party, isn't there.
 Howard. 
 how could I be mad? You actually risked your life because you cared about me.
 Alright. Here we go. My first birthday party. 
 Oh, it's okay.
 Hey Penny, when, uh, when's your birthday?
 Why are you learning Chinese?
 If I were you, I'd be more concerned by what they're passing off as chicken. 
 Oh, yeah, no, sure, go ahead. 
 What's going on?
 Penny, are you okay?
 Look, I understand that breaking up with someone can be very painful'.
 Okay, feel better, bye. 
 It was Penny's boyfriend's, they broke up.
 You know what, I'm going to go back and try talking to her again.
 I'm not going to do that, Howard.
 What about 'damsel in distress?'
 I don't care. She's upset, I'm going over there. 
 I'm her friend, I'm not going to take advantage of her vulnerability.
 I said I'm her friend. Not her gay friend. 
 Wait, did you say wait?
 No. No. 
 Of course not.
 I'm sorry, what were the choices again? 
 Yeah, no, sure.
 Actually it's not all that easy to find. 
 Okay, well, what exactly did this guy write, not that I need to know the details of your sex life, I just thought'. never mind. 
 Okay, well, you know, this isn't that bad. It just paints the picture of a very affectionate woman who's open to expressing her affection in non traditional locales. 
 Elevators, parks, movie theatres, out of curiosity, is this subway the transportation system or subway the sandwich shop? 
 Doesn't that violate the health code?
 Huh. Okay. But my point is that you have absolutely no reason to be embarrassed. 
 Maybe a little.
 No. No, no, that, that would be underreacting. He did break the implied confidentiality of the bedroom and, in your case, the elevator, parks and fast food franchise.
 Yes, you should, go ahead, say it. 
 What is there to explain, it's all right here, it's a betrayal. 
 I'm pretty sure I never said that. 
 Aw, good for me. Where are you going?
 Oh, sure. Huh, maybe I am her gay friend. 
 Can we please change the subject.
 Just roll the dice. 
 She was mad at him. She was done with him, the relationship was broken beyond repair and I walked over there and I fixed it!
 Just eat your tangerine chicken. 
 What happened?
 Yeah, I know, I know that part. 
 Already, that was quick.
 Oh, Penny, I am so sorry.
 Oh, well, you know, you did throw an 8 gig iPod' yeah, no, how could he do that. 
 Yeah, that must get old quick. 
 What about me?
 What about if you went out with me?
 Um' yes' I am' asking you out. 
 I was just going off your comment about the nice guy'
 Yes what? 
 Really?
 Yeah. That's the spirit. 
 Sheldon, I think I've made a mistake. 
 No, it's about Penny.
 I don't think I can go out with her tonight. 
 Other people would say 'why not?' 
 I'm going to talk anyway.
 Now that I'm actually about to go out with Penny, I'm not excited, I'm nauseous. 
 Right.
 Sheldon, this date is probably my one chance with Penny, what happens if I blow it. 
 You're not helping. 
 Tell me whether or not to go through with the date.
 Wow, that's brilliant.
 Hi. 
 Thank you. You look very nice.
 I made an eight o'clock reservation.
 Oh. Okay. But before you say anything, have you ever heard of Schrodinger's Cat? 
 Good. 
 So you see, what you're eating is not technically yoghurt, because it doesn't have enough live acidophilus cultures. It's really just iced milk with carragenin added for thickness. 
 It's also not pink and has no berries.
 What was your question again?
 Oh, right, no, I'm lactose intolerant.
 So, gas.
 Well, good night. 
 There was a draft.
 Why don't we just go into your'.
 No, no, I didn't mean to go into your apartment to' go fast. 
 Yeah, okay, sure, no problem, why don't we just figure out where we're going, and when we want to get there, and then rate of speed equals distance over time. Solve for R.
 That might work too. 
 Goodnight. 
 Bite me. Sheldon, how could you just sit there and let them spy on me?
 What are you talking about, the date went fine. 
 Okay, so, she said she wants to slow things down. It's like saying 'I'm really enjoying this meal, I'm going to slow down and savour it.' 
 I'm not the fish. 
 Well, we sort of decided to wing it. 
 Okay, alright, let's assume your hypothesis. We went to dinner, we talked, we laughed, we kissed, where could I have possibly gone wrong. 
 I didn't say anything like that.
 Look, everything went fine. I didn't even have to refer to my impromptu conversation starters. The woman across the hall is into me. 
 That's not a bad sign.
 I'm not there because I'm taking things slow. Which, by the way, compared to you guys approaches warp speed. And take down that camera. 
 You could be Batman?
 Hey.
 Hey, Penny, if you're not doing anything Friday night I thought maybe we could go and see a movie. 
 What about Saturday?
 Great. So you just let me know when you know. So' 
 No I didn't.
 What's going on with you?
 What's wrong with your face? 
 What? 
 Good day? 
 What do you mean, you're moving out? Why? 
 Yeah, there kind of does.
 I'm still confused.
 It's not you, Howard, he says he's moving out. 
 No.
 No.
 No. 
 I didn't do anything, he's just gone insane.
 That was fast. 
 Where are you gonna live? 
 This could work. 
 I'm coming! 
 What's with him?
 I still don't know why you left.
 Why not.
 You promised Penny what? 
 What secret. Tell me the secret. 
 Not that secret, the other secret.
 Dammit, Sheldon! You said Penny told you a secret, what was the secret.
 I promise. 
 So it's nothing I did? It's her problem? 
 Penny thinks I'm too smart for her, that's ridiculous. 
 Yeah, hi, listen, I know what's been bothering you about us, and I have the answer. 
 First I want to say that it's not Sheldon's fault, he tried very hard to keep your secret, if Howard hadn't drugged him he would have taken it to his grave. 
 Yes, but it's okay. Now that we know what the problem is, there's a simple solution. 
 A place for fun, a place for knowledge. See, this man here's playing hacky sack, and this girl's going to be a paralegal. 
 Well, it's really not that fancy, it's just a city college. 
 That doesn't matter to me at all.
 Absolutely. 
 Please let it go, Sheldon.
 You're nitpicking.
 Hi.
 So, yeah, good to see you.
 It wasn't awkward. It wasn't fun. Besides, what's the big deal, we dated, we stopped dating, and now we're both moving on.
 Can we please just go in, my chain mail is stuck in my underwear.
 Relatively modern. Why, what are you wearing?
 You went out and bought linen?
 Borrowed?
 You know what, I'm happy that Penny's moving on. It gives me the freedom to move on myself.
 Of course. Out of respect.
 What? I've dated plenty of women. There was Joyce Kim, Leslie Winkle.
 Uh, what about that girl last year at Comic-con?
 Why not?
 What happened to you?
 Yes I have, it's just a matter of actually making a date with someone.
 Well, there's Joyce Kim, but she defected back to North Korea so it's a little geographically undesireable.
 Look, I like Leslie, but she's not interested in dating as much as using men as tools for stress release.
 How?
 Hey, Leslie.
 Uh, sure.
 Where did you hear that?
 Like blue ice falling out of an airplane lavatory. Yep.
 Are you suggesting another bout of stress release.
 Really, what changed?
 Yeah, I can see how that would' a bunch of people?
 Oh, I'm flattered. So, how do you suggest we proceed?
 Sounds fun.
 Thank you, that's very thoughtful.
 Terrific.
 I kind of have other plans tonight.
 Well, the thing is, someone's coming over.
 Sheldon, it's a date, I have a date coming over.
 Why, what's so unusual about me having a date?
 Alright, alright. Well, uh, nevertheless, I have one now and I would appreciate it if you would, you know, make yourself scarce.
 You know what I mean, could you just give us a little privacy?
 Yes.
 Yes.
 I know it is, and if science ever discovers a second member of your species and you two would like some privacy I would be more than happy to get out of your way.
 Yeah, it's from Changs.
 No, Changs.
 It changed.
 A little.
 I sure hope so.
 Okay, now my uncles are bald, but my Aunt Edna is one of the hairiest women you will ever meet. So' Sweet lady. It always tickles when she hugs me. 
 Listen, I'm sorry about all of Sheldon's interruptions, he can be a bit of an eccentric.
 Well, I think tonight was a very good start.
 No problem, I'm very skilled at postponing intercourse. So I guess I'll call you and we'll arrange another evening.
 Sure.
 Hello.
 Okay, well, goodnight. 
 Right 
 Hey, why don't we all move over there so Leslie can join us.
 Don't make this hard for me.
 You're right, it is simple. 
 If the word is pee-pee, just do it.
 Thank you.
 Okay, well, there is a lot of merit to both theories.
 Sheldon, don't make that noise, it's disrespectful.
 Sorry Leslie, I guess I prefer my space stringy not loopy.
 Truth, what truth? We're talking about untested hypotheses, uh, it's no big deal.
 I guess we let them wait until they're old enough and let them choose their own theory.
 Wait, where are you going?
 What's the bright side?
 Oh yeah.
 Yeah, that's great, you guys want corn dogs?
 What's going on?
 Great, you know there are groceries outside of your apartment?
 I only bring it up because your ice-cream is melting and it's starting to attract wildlife.
 Want to catch me up?
 Uh-huh. Seriously, six months?
 Hey, check it out, it's just corn starch and water.
 Beats me. They were playing all last night too.
 No, that's Marcie. Peppermint Patty's just athletic.
 Why should I do something, you're the one who introduced her to online gaming.
 Why don't you just tell her to leave you alone.
 Well, what am I supposed to do?
 You mean, up until now we've been experiencing the happy funtime Sheldon?
 I'll go talk to her.
 Yeah, I see that. Shouldn't you be at work?
 It's Thursday. Listen, Penny.
 Okay, um, here's the thing, um, sometimes people, good people, you know, they start playing these games and they find themselves through no fault of their own, you know, kind of, addicted.
 Well, i-i-i-it's just if a person doesn't have a sense of achievement in their real life it's easy to lose themselves in a virtual world where they get a false sense of accomplishment.
 Penny, you've got cheetos in your hair.
 Wow.
 Penny's been keeping him up at night.
 She's gotten really hooked on Age of Conan, she's playing non-stop.
 Sheldon, wake up.
 That's not what she's doing, Leslie, she's just trying to shore up her self esteem, it has nothing to do with sex.
 Leslie, you are way off base here.
 Excuse me, this whole idea is insane.
 Sheldon'
 Hello.
 Hi Tom. Sheldon? Didn't I explain to you about your little mistake in the cafeteria?
 Chosen by science?
 You got Penny to sign up for online dating?
 This is bad.
 Really, really bad.
 They never do.
 Let's see, Raj was the Kung Palo Chicken.
 Who was the Shrimp with Lobster Sauce?
 Penny, you don't have to do that.
 Oh yeah, two zero zero eight NQ sub seventeen.
 You'd do the dolphins.
 Are you proud of yourself?
 Well, we're going to go apologise to Raj and invite him out to dinner.
 Well, he came over last night with some pretty good news, and we weren't very supportive.
 Really, do tell.
 Okay, let's try it this way, what if the People magazine thing is the best Raj is ever going to achieve?
 Come on.
 Not really, it's what you and I would call condescension.
 And when we go in there, let's show Raj that we're happy for him.
 Smile. 
 We're here to see Koothrappali, not kill Batman.
 Close enough, come on. 
 Celebrate your thirty under thirty thing. Right Sheldon? 
 Dr Gablehauser.
 Sheldon!
 Sheldon.
 You can stop smiling now.
 No.
 Not yet.
 You just got him this afternoon.
 A lackey?
 Almost.
 Well, uh, no I' the' no.
 Now. 
 Hey.
 You look very nice.
 Good night.
 Yeah.
 Terrific.
 Anythingforagreencard.com?
 You're joking.
 Pass.
 It's not a date, and that's racist.
 Let's just eat so I can get to bed. With any luck tonight will be the night my sleep apnoea kills me.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 You're welcome.
 Just sit down and eat.
 Alright, it's shredded, what do you want me to do?
 Sorry.
 He's not going to have intercourse with Penny.
 Do the shrimpers feature in your story?
 He's irony impaired, just move on.
 A griffin?
 And mythological.
 You want to breed a new friend?
 That may well be, but the fact is, it wouldn't kill us to meet some new people.
 If we do get a new friend, he should be a guy you can trust. A guy who has your back.
 Yeah, let's see, money, women, technology, okay we're agreed, our new friend is going to be Iron Man.
 Uh-huh.
 I'm not going to work.
 Sheldon, I was up all night using the new free-electron laser for my X-ray diffraction experiment.
 No.
 Didn't I tell you I'd be working nights, and that you'd have to make other arrangements.
 And?
 Goodnight, Sheldon.
 Take the bus.
 You tried to lash yourself to the seat with bungee cords?
 Oh, you're a big boy, you'll figure it out.
 I just got here.
 Sheldon, I told you, I only have access to the free-electron laser at night. I can't drive you for the next few weeks.
 Howard, help me out here.
 How did you get here in the first place?
 Look, I need to get to the laser lab, you're just going to have to find someone else to take you home.
 Sheldon, sit down.
 So we made you an appointment, and we want you to keep it.
 Sheldon, you need to learn how to drive.
 Penny's taking you to the DMV, I'm going to bed.
 Because rock breaks scissors, goodnight.
 Booting.
 No.
 Okay, now, what you want to do first is turn on the ignition and shift into drive.
 Okay, fasten your seat belt.
 You don't need air bags.
 Okay, now shift into drive, pull out slowly into traffic.
 Oh.
 Watch out.
 Watch, watch out, watch out for pedestrians!
 How did you manage to get on the second floor of the Glendale galleria?
 Maybe you want to give it a rest and try again tomorrow.
 Aw, the pet store?
 So wait,you're just gonna give up?
 So what is it you're doing?
 What does that mean?
 I wonder a lot of things about you, Sheldon, but not' not that.
 No kidding.
 Yes, you are, you're meant to learn how to drive. Please learn how to drive!
 It's never safe.
 Fine. Assuming that everything you say is true, how does the biologically superior Homo Novus get to work tomorrow morning?
 Well, hang in there, maybe you'll evolve into something with wings.
 Hey.
 No, he lives here now.
 Well, since he won't take the bus and he's too evolved to drive, he decided it would be easier to just sleep in his office and shower in the radiation lab until I'm finished with my experiment.
 Yep
 So, if any of you are considering going into experimental physics, my door is always open. Once again, I'm sorry that the demonstration didn't quite work out, but now we know what happens when you accidentally spill peach Snapple into a helium neon laser. Short answer is' don't. And now to tell you about the theoretical physics department is Dr. Sheldon Cooper. Dr. Cooper?
 Excuse me. Sheldon, we both agreed to do this.
 If you don't do this, I won't take you to the comic book store.
 Oh, good God.
 Laser demonstration's looking pretty good now, huh?
 No, if you can talk to them, you can ask them out.
 Hey, Leslie.
 Sheldon lives in fear of the three-tined fork.
 Hey, Ramona. Come on in.
 Uh, the kitchen's fine. 
 Uh-huh. The viewing area's right over there. Sheldon, your girl' date' person' Ramona's here.
 Oh, yeah. No, we were just going.
 No, come on, now, we're going out.
 Let's go. Okay, you two, just, have a nice' whatever this is.
 What do you mean 'deal'?
 Honestly, we've been operating under the assumption that he has no deal.
 On the other hand, I think Sheldon might be the larval form of his species, and someday he'll spin a cocoon and emerge two months later with moth wings and an exoskeleton.
 Hey, do you want to hang out with us?
 Uh'
 The one with the little onions? Mmm.
 Don't.
 Hey, aren't you having breakfast?
 Are you experimenting with nutritional suppositories again?
 So, how'd it go with Ramona last night?
 Touche.
 Ah, hey Leslie.
 Wait for me.
 Hey, Penny.
 Why? What are they doing?
 Yeah, I can see that. Sheldon, Halo night, Koothrappali's. You coming?
 Seriously? You're not coming?
 Okay, well, once again, you guys have a good' whatever this is.
 Sheldon?
 Why?
 We are communicating through the wall.
 I don't know Morse code.
 Sheldon, I'm not going to learn Morse code at three o'clock in the morning!
 Don't come in here, don't come in here, don't come in here, don't 
 I know. When is she going home?
 What are you talking about?
 That only applies if you need me to help you destroy an artificial intelligence you created that's taking over the Earth.
 Good night.
 The bodysnatchers clause requires me to help you destroy someone we know who's been replaced with an alien pod.
 Not unless she destroys Tokyo.
 Sheldon, do you see what just happened here?
 Sheldon? Sheldon, are you okay?
 That's it. No more Thai food.
 Okay, I have pokh.
 Potl.
 Pukhpa.
 Really? Define it.
 No, no, don't tell her.
 Aw!
 They're gorgeous.
 Yeah, and they can all move in with you and your mother, the current Mrs. Wolowitz.
 Did I miss anything? Did they kick Giselle off?
 Sheldon, the food's here.
 What are you doing?
 Why?
 Yes.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 I asked.
 No.
 Yes.
 No.
 Just eat.
 Here you go.
 Put it on the agenda.
 Oh, I'll make a motion, but you're not going to like it.
 Sheldon's onion ring. Just put it back!
 No, no, no,' no, I don't think that's where it was.
 Don't worry. They only stay on your record for a year.
 Congratulations. You're officially one of us.
 Yeah, yeah. Uh, see, here's the thing, after you leave, I still have to live with him.
 Listen, don't worry. I'll talk to him.
 Just so I know, would you be open to taking his class? You can do it online!
 To do what?
 Are you insane? You're not going to party with them, you're not even going to get anywhere near that place.
 Thank you.
 Penny, can I talk to you for a minute? Hi.
 Look, here's the thing, um, I talked to Sheldon and he feels terrible and he agrees that he was unreasonable and out of line.
 Yeah, so just apologize to him, okay?
 Oh, come on, it's easy, he'll even tell you what to say.
 We're not encouraging. It's more like knuckling under.
 Well, actually, technically, you did do it.
 You can recognize people on Google Earth?
 NORAD? You're using military aircraft?
 Sheldon? I just dropped him off at the comic book store. Why?
 Problem with the WiFi?
 I reiterate, knuckle under.
 Oh, Penny, you don't want to get into it with Sheldon. The guy is one lab accident away from being a supervillain.
 There, see? Problem solved.
 Thanks a lot, Howard.
 Hey, you guys are talking again. Good. What happened?
 Oh, not junior rodeo. What did you do?
 No. Look, this has to stop.
 All right, I really didn't want to do this, but' here.
 Sheldon's Kryptonite.
 He can never know that I gave that to you.
 It'll shorten the war by five years and save millions of lives.
 Okay, for the record what you're doing is really creepy.
 Your mother.
 Are you kidding me? I already have two strikes.
 Compromise. Watch Babylon 5.
 Well, five is partway between three' Never mind.
 Ahoy, matey.
 Or in this case, the bar mitzvah boy with pinkeye.
 You're not gonna need wingman, you're gonna need a paramedic.
 Well, I want to watch it now.
 Watch whatever you want.
 Howard's at the Mars Rover lab. He says he's in trouble. Defcon 5.
 What?
 How can 5 not be worse than 1?
 Can we just forget I said Defcon and go?
 What's the emergency?
 Wait a minute, so the eye patch and the insults worked?
 Okay.
 No one's a scientist like Howard.
 Just said Howard's a terrific guy. He's got a great sense of humour, he loves his mother, a lot, some people say too much.
 Yeah, I am loyal. You know, if you look at the big picture. Just, out of curiosity, did he ever have a shot with you?
 Then why did you?
 Got it. So, can I see you again?
 Ooh. Cool.
 Psst! Psst!
 Yeah. Listen, I have to kinda sneak out for a while.
 No, wait! If anyone asks you where I went, you don't know.
 I can't tell you that.
 I can't tell you that, either.
 Yeah, I really didn't think this through.
 What?
 I don't know. Just tell them I went to the office.
 No.
 Just say, Leonard went to the office.
 What is? No, not like that! Just, Leonard went to the office.
 I'm going to the office.
 I'm going out for a while.
 So how was work today?
 I'm hoping that's three different guys.
 Oh, you know, I'm a physicist, so, I thought about stuff.
 Well, I wrote some of it down.
 Uh, yeah.
 If I knew you were waiting, I would've swallowed that lasagna whole.
 I've had her brisket. Melts in your mouth.
 That's a good idea. There's a bed in there, and I'm very, very, very pro-bed.
 Don't you think we should tell him you're not interested?
 Dear God, no!
 Hey.
 Yeah, a couple.
 'Thank you.
 I'm sorry?
 So, uh, what we did was in fact dating?
 Exactly. Thank you. Do me a favour, tell Koothrappali that next time you see him.
 Oh, she's a doctor.
 Doctor doctor. Surgical resident. Smart, pretty. Let me ask you something. If your friend thinks he's dating someone, but he's not because, in fact, you're dating her, does that make you a bad person?
 On what?
 Yeah.
 Are you sure?
 Does that change things?
 So why'd you ask?
 Listen, I need to talk to you about something.
 Oh, hey, guys.
 Hi, Howard. Howard?
 That's just ridiculous. Why are you cooperating with him?
 Howard, come on, I didn't plan on this. These things just happen. Usually not to me, but they do happen.
 Yeah, but I don't see a better one on the horizon, so'
 He just won't listen to me.
 Hmm. Lisa's gonna be disappointed.
 Howard, Howard, look at this.
 I'm glad you're enjoying yourself.
 I stand corrected.
 She doesn't mean it. She's just being nice.
 Uh, Sheldon?
 Do you understand that this was supposed to be a date?
 Okay, here's my question, why did you sit down?
 What landing party?
 Oh, my god, what did you do?
 Oo-oo-oh!
 What invitation?
 Oh, clearly I could have.
 Not the right seats. 
 He's finding the acoustic sweet spot.
 Sometimes he brings a toy xylophone. I am really sorry about this.
 No, just sit here.
 What, Sheldon? What, Sheldon? What, Sheldon?
 The blunt instrument that will be the focus of my murder trial?
 Stephanie Barnett is single.
 It's just her facebook page and we've only been going out a couple of weeks.
 Okay, I'm going to make this very simple for you. You are not in this relationship, I am. Ergo, you have no say in anything that happens between me and Stephanie.
 General Order 104, Section A does not apply in this situation.
 Because this is not Star Trek
 All I'm saying is if they can cure yellow fever and malaria, why can't they do something about lactose intolerance?
 Want some more wine?
 What are you doing?
 Excuse me. What the hell is wrong with you?
 By making constipated moose sounds?
 Huh? Would it work if I just punched you in the face?
 Oh, for god's sakes.
 No, no, no, I got it.
 No, I'm not. I'm bleeding.
 Stitches? With a needle?
 Oh, okay, yeah, hang on a sec. 
 I can't remember a time when you weren't talking.
 I did not burst into tears, my eyes just got a little watery.
 She stuck a needle into my hand!
 I didn't cry.
 Oh, are you still going to spend the night?
 Thank you, Dr. Cooper.
 Hey, can you open this for me?
 Sure.
 What for?
 What? no. no, that's not right.
 It's not bold, it's a mistake. I didn't change my status.
 You hacked my facebook account?
 Are you insane? Now she's going to think I'm desperate. You've destroyed this relationship! And you want to know what the worst part is? You don't even understand what you did wrong because you can't conceive of something that you are not an expert in!
 Don't even! I don't want to hear another word out of you.
 Really? Oh, look at that, I have a girlfriend.
 Me, too.
 No, it's more of a relentless, narcissistic drone.
 Maybe it's a lingering bacterial infection from all those childhood toilet swirlies.
 Okay, I'll be right in.
 Do you understand that Stephanie's not here to treat your imaginary ailments?
 Good night.
 No, you're not.
 Thank you.
 We're not living together.
 That's absurd.
 Wait, I only initialed it because I never thought it would happen! I initialed another clause naming you my sidekick in case I get superpowers.
 I'm going to bed.
 No, absolutely not.
 I don't care what the symptoms are, my girlfriend is not going to give you a prostate exam.
 Oh come on! Sheldon, we don't ask questions like that.
 She's heard about you because we're, you know, involved and you haven't heard about her because' I never slept with her, I swear!
 Thank you, Sheldon.
 Look, I'm just saying, um, Penny is one of our many neighbours, you know, and in our building, neighbours come and go, it's very casual, no dress code. In fact, some mornings I'll just mosey down to the third floor in my pyjamas and have cereal with Mrs. Vartabedian.
 She doesn't like you. Um, well, uh, you have a gall bladder to remove and I have to get in the shower and Penny has clothes to put on, so'
 Okay, bye-bye.
 Why do I feel like I'm the one that just got the prostate exam?
 We're not living together.
 We're not living together.
 How could I not be sure?
 Don't you think if a woman was living with me I'd be the first one to know about it?
 We're not living together.
 We're not living together.
 Uh, the big dog is Goofy, and the older couple with the mouse ears , I have no idea. We're not living together!
 We're not' Where's my Bat Signal?
 I did. It was right here. She must've' Oh, my God, we're living together.
 Yeah, Stephanie got them for me.
 Actually, I think it's more of wool, fire ant blend.
 It is actually. In fact, I gave it a lot of thought and I decided it was time for us to live together.
 At least I have an egg. What do you have?
 So, go hit on her.
 I don't care what you guys think, Stephanie and I are very happy living together. I will give either of you 20 dollars, right now to trade pants with me.
 Oh, good. Do you have any fabric softener?
 No, the pants that Stephanie got me.
 Are you sure?
 Oh, no. I wish you'd told me that sooner.
 No, everything's fine.
 Yeah. It's wonderful. Okay, maybe this whole living together happened kind of suddenly, but it's fine, it's great.
 Are you sure? That doesn't sound right.
 No that doesn't sound right either.
 Yeah, I could say something like that to her. I'll go do that. Thank you.
 You have a really good grasp on this. Maybe you could talk to her?
 No, but that's okay. I'll go talk to her. Want to come with?
 Hey.
 Sheldon. 
 Careful, if you don't get it all, it'll only come back worse.
 Listen, we need to talk.
 I don't know what that means.
 Okay, um, well, look, it's just that things between you and me have been going pretty quick.
 It's just a little scary.
 Sure, when is scary not good? But, okay, um, I have feelings, right?
 Okay, and it's perfectly okay to express those feelings, right?
 Okay, well, I ju' I think it's important to remember that we move at a pace that is our speed and' oh, shoot, I had it!
 What's that? Really? Right now?
 I just ate, aren't you supposed to wait an hour?
 Oh, okay. I just hope I don't get cramps.
 Hey.
 Thank you.
 Good.
 Well, um, on one level, really, really well.
 Not specifically, but, uh, I did tell her that I had feelings.
 And then the, the subject got changed somehow.
 Um, little bit.
 Yeah, yeah it's all good. Everything's going to work out. One way or another.
 Really?
 Huh.
 Nothing, just rethinking my whole life. Okay, here's the thing, I'm afraid that if I ask her to move out, she'll just dump me.
 Very comforting. Okay, so what do I say to her?
 I really like you, but I want to see how things go with Mark?
 Oh, right, yeah, um, so, Stephanie, here's the thing. I really like you.
 What speech?
 No! No, no! I wasn't going to say any of that. I was just going to say, I really like you.
 Terrific.
 Hey.
 Yeah, Stephanie got it for me. It's kind of fun.
 Yeah, yeah, that's the fun part. We're also getting new curtains for my bedroom, and a dust ruffle, and a duvet, and I don't even know what a duvet is but I'm pretty sure if I did I wouldn't want one, but every time I talk to her about moving out she cries and we have sex.
 Isn't that kind of cowardly?
 Sold. 'I think it would be better for our relationship if you moved back to your place.' There. It's done.
 Yeah, good for me. I'll never have sex again. 
 Raj, please, let's stay serious here. Superman's body is Kryptonian, therefore his sweat is Kryptonian.
 It's David Underhill. So what?
 I have two words for you. The first is big, the other's whoop.
 Did not.
 Did' okay, maybe' some of it, but, look, the guy was just in the right place, at the right time with the right paradigm-shifting reinterpretation of the universe. He got lucky.
 Uh, yeah.
 Uh, y-yeah.
 You want to work with me?
 Wow, y-yeah, sure. Yeah, no problem. Uh, Here's my home number, here's my cell, here's my office, here's my parents' number up in New Jersey, they always know how to reach me. So'
 Congratulations on the MacArthur Grant, by the way. Big fan.
 Okay. Bye-bye! What are you looking at?You've never seen a hypocrite before?
 Actually, I was'
 Come on, it's just a video game. And we suck at it.
 I was working with Dave Underhill.
 Actually, he's pretty cool. I mean, not only is he a brilliant scientist, but it turns out he's a Black Diamond skier, he collects vintage motorcycles, he plays in a rock band.
 No, we play Rock Band on our X-Box.
 He's funny, too. He does this hysterical impersonation of Stephen Hawking having phone sex. What are you wearing? That's not, he does it better. Anyway, he said he was gonna take me to the gym tomorrow, so I'm gonna go practice my situps.
 Ow! Ow!
 Yeah, I guess.
 Thanks for letting me try out your motorcycle.
 I had no idea it was so heavy. The thing just fell right over on me, didn't it?
 Oh, yeah. It's just a little motorcycle accident.
 I don't know. It's all such a blur.
 Yeah, lucky for the bike it landed on my leg.
 I'm not indoorsy. I just wear the appropriate sun block because I don't take melanoma lightly.
 Yeah, we're examining the radiation levels of photomultiplier tubes for a new dark matter detector.
 Since when?
 Since when?
 Uh, yeah. I guess.
 Yeah, if you like that type.
 No, just neighbours.
 Actually, science is my lady.
 See ya. 'Bye, Penny. Have fun. 
 What it is is a cacophonous assault of eucalyptus, bayberry, cinnamon and vanilla. It's as if my head were trapped in the pyjamas of a sultan.
 Oh, hey, Dave. And Penny, what a surprise.
 Yeah, I know. I've been offering to show you around for a year and a half. You always said you had yoga.
 Maybe I heard you wrong. A lot of words sound like yoga.
 Yes, please shut up. So, um, Dave, don't you think you and I should get back to the lab? You know, that dark matter isn't going to detect itself.
 That's funny. By the way, my leg is killing me. Thanks for asking.
 Yippee.
 Brilliant.
 Do whatever you want.
 My leg is killing me. Thanks for asking.
 Okay, I have just one question for you. While I am perfectly happy with the way things are between us, you said that you didn't want to go out with me because I was too smart for you! Well, news flash, lady, David Underhill is ten times smarter than me! You'd have to drive a railroad spike into his brain for me to beat him at checkers! Next to him, I'm like one of those sign-language gorillas who knows how to ask for grapes! So, my question is, what's up with that?
 Sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry! Never mind, we're cool.
 Really? Why would you say that?
 He tried to take nude photos of you?
 Oh, yeah. I'm so' oh, that's terrible.
 Well, uh, the important thing is he's married and that's terrible!
 Lactose.
 Smooth.
 Come on, it's Christmas, just give me this one.
 By the way, my leg is killing me. Thanks for asking.
 Merry Christmas.
 Very good, thanks for asking. Come on in.
 Oh, a gift certificate for motorcycle lessons. Very thoughtful.
 Oh, then, I think you'll appreciate what I got you.
 You know, 'cause you're so into science.
 It's a Saturnalia miracle.
 Maybe we should start small.
 How about the toaster oven?
 What did I ever do to Jimmy Mullins in the third grade? He still punched me in the face with my own fists. Sorry, you little nerd, you were just in the wrong boys' room at the wrong time.
 That'll do it.
 Uh-huh?
 Killer robot. We built it.
 Howard, why don't we just work on the robot?
 I'm begging you, stop talking.
 Howard, where you going?
 Wow.
 He said maybe we should enter you in the killer robot competition.
 I don't know, now they're just yelling about Popsicles. Sounds like Penny really got to him.
 Yes, we did, Kripke.
 Come on, is that really necessary?
 No, don't make it so. Barry, we can't fight you tomorrow, our engineer is incapacitated.
 Hey, you got a minute?
 I need you to apologize to How'
 Come on. Wolowitz won't come out of his house and we need him for a robot battle.
 The robot didn't hurt his feelings.
 He's been in bed for two days.
 He's not with a' does it really matter who or what he's with? The guy is devastated.
 Okay, don't take this as a criticism, but you kind of have that overexposed-to-gamma-rays thing going on.
 You know, like, most of the time, you're the easygoing Bruce Banner, but then, when you get angry, you kind of turn into, like, you know, grrrrr!
 Seriously? Gamma rays? Bruce Banner? You didn't get The Incredible Hulk from that? Never mind, just, please go talk to him.
 Well, maybe you can go at it from a different angle, like, um, you see a glimmer of goodness in him and you only said what you said because you want to nurture it and make it shine.
 Okay, let's try it this way. Remember the day that we first met and you asked me to go to your boyfriend's apartment to get your TV back and he was nine feet tall and he took my pants off and you said' what was that? What did you say? Oh, yes, you said you owed me one.
 I came home with no pants.
 Thank you. I should probably give you a heads up about his mother.
 She's a delightful woman. You'll love her.
 Oh, my God. That's Kripke's robot?
 Sheldon, we have to call it off.
 Oh, please, we've spent our whole lives running away from fights. Personally, I can squeeze through a hole in a fence half my size.
 You want to prepare him? Install a bladder and a pair of shorts so he can wet himself.
 Not yet.
 Nice little bot you've got here.
 What's this do, spin?
 Neat. Good work. Sheldon, we've got to call this off.
 I just want to make sure that we're all clear, standard robotic fighting league rules apply.
 Run, Monte, run!
 Go, go, go, go!
 Well, so much for making up for the emotional wounds of childhood.
 Forget the robot. What happened to you?
 Penny.
 Ah, no kidding! A Fu Man Chu? A handlebar pencil?
 Alright this is cruel, we better let him finish before his head explodes.
 Hey Kripke.
 Alright, please don't cheer me up anymore.
 Good luck getting time on it. The only people he lets use it are his friends.
 There you go. Now any e-mail from Wolowitz will go right into your spam folder.
 Yeah, I got the same one. And that's not a bathing suit, it's a tan line.
 Oh he's trying to make a new friend.
 Well, unless he's makes one out of wood like Gepetto, I don't think it's gonna happen.
 There was a flier on the bulletin board at the university. Roommate wanted. Whistlers need not apply.
 I assumed he was joking. You'd be surprised how many particle physicists have a whimsical side.
 I don't know, how do carbon atoms form a benzene ring? Proximity and valence electrons.
 I suppose. I do miss whistling though.
 I answered every question Sheldon.
 Aw, you picked up on that huh?
 Come on! There's over 200 questions. And look at some of these things. Sheldon is to camaraderie, as the space shuttle is to blank?
 Hold on. I put some real work into that!
 It's kinda cute, until you get to the scrotum.
 Sheldon, I'm not going to defend a big-balled raccoon.
 What I'm trying to say is that, maybe you can't approach this as a purely intellectual exercise.
 Well, remember when you tried to learn how to swim using the internet?
 On the floor.
 Then why learn how to swim?
 No! no, my point is, if you want to learn how to make friends, then just go out to a coffee shop or a museum. Meet people. Talk to them. Take an interest in their lives.
 Where are we going?
 Why don't you just lie down on the floor and swim there?
 Okay, if you're gonna start sniffing people, I'm gonna go get a hot pretzel.
 Sheldon, what are you doing?
 No you're not, let's go.
 Don't look up, there's cameras.
 Sheldon, there is no algorithm for making friends!
 Yes, he's new at the zoo.
 Uh-oh, he's stuck in an infinite loop.
 I'm sorry. Can we please just do it one more time?
 It's a little thing but you really do miss it.
 How was rock climbing?
 Want some Chinese food?
 In the bathroom.
 What's that?
 Can I whistle?
 He had Lysine but changed it.
 I didn't think he had it in him.
 Hmmm.
 We've got to be missing something. Let's start again. The movie is playing here at 7:20, here at 7:40, here at 8:10 and here at 8:45.
 Why? They're state-of-the-art digital projection, 20-channel surround sound.
 Well, it's gonna take at least an hour to eat, and I don't see a Sheldon-approved restaurant proximate to a Sheldon-approved theatre.
 Sheldon, would you be prepared, on a non-precedential basis, to create an emergency ad-hoc Slurpie-Icee equivalency?
 Bye, Sheldon.
 Interesting.
 Do I have to?
 Why?
 Hey, Penny. How was work?
 Stop it!
 He's not lying, he does find that fascinating.
 Weird.
 Did you guys have an argument?
 Well, you clearly did something to aggravate her.
 Here you go. Oh, you owe me another two dollars. The price of mu-shu pork went up.
 Here you go, Penny. Shrimp with lobster sauce.
 Don't worry about it. It's my treat.
 It's, whatever. Ten, eleven dollars.
 Fourteen fifty, but it's no biggie, you'll get the next one. 
 It was fourteen fifty, but it's okay.
 Oh, wait, you lent her money?
 Where are you going?
 But if you're ever short, there's always a couple of fifties in Green Lantern's ass.
 Hey.
 A little mood lighting, huh?
 Yeah, they're very considerate that way.
 Fourteen dollars, huh?
 Back in the pocket it goes. Look, you do understand that Sheldon really doesn't care when he gets the money back. It's actually one of the few idiosyncrasies that doesn't make you want to, you know, kill him.
 So you're a little behind on your bills. Everybody gets behind on their bills.
 Well, what was the plan?
 Was there a plan B?
 It's probably not as bad as you think. Let's take a look. Maybe we can find some corners to cut. Oh, here's something, if you don't have electricity, then you probably don't need cable. Just a suggestion. 170 dollars for acting classes?
 You've had an acting job where you got paid?
 Actually, it kind of' let's keep looking. Whoa, what's eighteen hundred dollars to the Los Angeles County Superior Court?
 Nothing? It sounds like you got caught speeding going 4,000 miles an hour.
 Your ex-boyfriend?
 What?
 I would hope so.
 Did he pay you back?
 And that's based on the inherent credit-worthiness of people who get drunk and urinate on police vehicles?
 Well what are you gonna do?
 Oh, no. Oh, you don't want to do that.
 Well, moving is a big deal. You have to go to the supermarket and get boxes, and if they're not clean, then your books smell like melons, and it's just, like' Why don't you just get a roommate and stay here?
 Well, I'm sure the guy living with Sheldon wouldn't mind moving in with you.
 Really?
 Hey, what's going on?
 Hey, you guys want to go on a real live quest?
 ' Come on. It'll be fun.
 Do you guys remember Penny's ex-boyfriend Kurt?
 Really? You're just gonna let me go by myself?
 I could use some help.
 You guys are unbelievable, you play a game to simulate adventure, but when there's real adventure out there in the real world, you just wimp out.
 I do.
 I'm not afraid of him.
 Excuse me. When Frodo left the Shire to take the one ring to Mordor, didn't Samwise, Pippin and Merry go with him?
 Well?
 Fine. Just enjoy your little game. I'll make this quest on my own.
 You guys suck. 
 Okay, is everyone clear on the plan?
 Guys, there are four of us and one of him.
 Okay, how about this? I'll do the talking, you just stand behind me and try to look formidable.
 Hi, Kurt.
 I don't really go by Lenny, but that's okay. Um, you remember Sheldon, Howard and Raj.
 Sheldon, not now.
 Okay, here it is. Penny's in kind of a financial jam, and the money that you owe her would go a long way to solving her problems.
 No, no, she's too proud to ask for the money. I, on the other hand, feel you should honour your debt.
 Feel is a kind of a' it's a strong word. Um, I just think it would be a nice gesture on your part.
 No, the problem isn't solved. He just blew us off.
 No. You can leave if you want to. I'm gonna see this through.
 I guess, technically, that was my fault. 
 I don't need backup. I have right on my side. And I'm wearing cargo shorts under my pants.
 Hey.
 Yeah. Hang on. Sheldon!
 It's kind of a fashionable look these days.
 Hey, I know it's none of my business, but where did the money come from?
 Really? Did he say why?
 That's it? Did he give any reason as to why he came to this moral epiphany?
 Bye.
 Penny's hooking up with her jerk of an ex-boyfriend and I have indelible ink on my forehead!
 Great.
 Can't we just postpone it till the spring? Maybe next summer?
 No, I didn't realize it had been so long. Sure, I guess there's no other choice but to just go ahead and do it.
 Aren't there any other options? There's not a lot of room, it's gonna be uncomfortable.
 Okay, bye. My mother's coming to visit.
 Good to see you, Mother.
 Here's your tea, Mother.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 I'll start again.
 Here's your tea, Mother. So, what are you guys talking about?
 Swell. If you're lucky, maybe she'll show you the PowerPoint presentation.
 So, Mother, what's new?
 All right. Uh, what's new with you?
 Maybe something less personal.
 Oh, my God. What happened?
 Yeah I, I thought you guys might hit it off.
 I hate to tell you, but the only warm memories I have of my childhood are of my Uncle Floyd.
 Sheldon, you don't give your mother enough credit. She's warm, she's loving, she doesn't glue electrodes to your head to measure your brain waves while potty training.
 Please, don't go there, Howard.
 Boy, you suck.
 Why are you doing this?
 You know, rather than mock me, my friends might realize that this is difficult and try to help me through it.
 That was fast.
 Howard lives with his mother and Raj can't speak to women unless he's drunk. Go.
 He lives in the same room where his bassinet was.
 You brought your husband to work, you know the rules. Meesa thinking yousa looking pretty sad now too, betcha, betcha.
 There's no hurry, Mother, tell them more about their secret love for each other.
 Fine. Let's go. I think you'll find my work pretty interesting. I'm attempting to replicate the dark matter signal found in sodium iodide crystals by the Italians.
 No.
 You got alcohol?
 Yep.
 Oh, relax. She took Sheldon to the hospital to get a brain scan.
 Nothing. Mother likes looking at brains and Sheldon likes getting his brain scanned.
 She's only been here a day and a half and I'm seriously considering alcoholism as a new career path.
 You can't let her get into your head.
 It's too late for me. My head is her summer house.
 Oh, yeah, there she is. Hi, Mom.
 Did you get the part?
 Hey, you want to talk about not getting love from a parent. You know what I used to do when I was little to have some sensation of human contact?
 Of course she did. Anyway, that's not what I was gonna say. When I was ten years old, I built a hugging machine.
 Yeah. I got a dressmaker's mannequin, I stuffed it with an electric blanket so it would be warm, and built two radio-controlled arms that would hug me and pat my back.
 You know what the saddest part was?
 My father used to borrow it.
 Uh-huh.
 I'm sorry, I didn't hear anything after lick.
 Right. Ah! Where's the lime? 
 This is actually gonna happen.
 You shush, I'm happy, I want to talk about it. You know what my mother would say about this? She would say because you were not loved by your father and I was not loved by my mother, that having sex is our way of making up for the intimacy we didn't get as children.
 I don't know. Foreplay?
 Ummm, I'm gonna go with 'no.'
 Come on, you're trying to have sex with your father, and I'm okay with that.
 She said shush. I should have shushed. 
 All right, Mother. Um, have a nice flight.
 Morning.
 You don't have to. Ever.
 Good-bye, Mother.
 There's no way we can get to the ridge. The Chemistry Department has us completely cut off.
 I forget. Which one is Hammer of the Gods?
 No, that shouldn't be a problem, Venus is up during the day. They're probably just all staring at the sky.
 Yeah, more cutbacks.
 You know what baffles me, Sheldon?
 Hey, Leslie.
 Yeah, okay, but what's with the back-scratching and the meow!
 Thank you.
 Are you done?
 What about it, Howard?
 I don't care about that.
 You and Leslie?
 And the rest of us have had our budgets cut to the bone.
 Calm down. We'll figure it out.
 Here we go.
 Don't sit in his spot.
 Okay, that should do it.
 That's a lot of shoes you ordered.
 Yeah. You ought to come out with us sometime.
 There's a chance.
 We? No, no, no, you had your chance to be we for, like, a year and a half now. Right now, you are you, and you are screwed.
 Well, we're not gonna tell him I did it.
 Just to shoot the couch with a paintball gun?
 We could tell him they wanted the couch to stay away from their boyfriend.
 Mm, butt print. There's no discernible butt print.
 It's too small and too perfect.
 You're welcome.
 Sheldon! How was the comic book store?
 Great, great. Did you walk the whole way? It's a little chilly.
 Isn't that terrific? He is such a good friend. You know what the best thing about friends is?
 No, no, friends forgive the little things.
 Don't you dare, missy.
 What do you mean?
 I don't know what you're talking about. Oh, that. Penny did that.
 Why don't you just eat in your desk chair?
 Wackadoodle.
 If it were your head, it would be.
 Oh, for God's sake, Sheldon.
 No, it's Leslie Winkle. It's a long story.
 I thought we were going to play Halo tonight.
 That's not fair. You're not even a physicist.
 Get out.
 Why are you crouching there?
 I don't know. Texas?
 Really? Great. Sheldon, look. Good as new.
 Nothing, it's what's wrong with him.
 Penny, Penny, I think I know what to do. Sheldon, I have some bad news.
 I'm afraid so. You know the cashew chicken I get you Monday nights?
 Szechuan Palace closed two years ago.
 Golden Dragon.
 Yeah, well, before they went out of business, I bought 4,000 containers. I keep them in the trunk of my car.
 I thought that might take his mind off the cushion.
 Oh, God, I wish I had.
 Yeah, buddy?
 Okay, first of all, Penny, thank you for coming.
 Penny is an amazing shot. I think we have a real chance to win this week.
 Okay. Now, we all run out. Sheldon and I will cut to the left behind these trees. Raj, Howard and Leslie flank to the right behind the rocks. Then we'll all have a great view as Penny runs out and kills everyone else in sight.
 What is it, Sheldon? 
 Sheldon, Penny was our only hope.
 He's right. You can't. 
 Where are you going?
 Okay, then we won't touch the hard drive. We'll just erase the first season of Battlestar.
 It's perfect.
 It's just for my notebooks. Thanks, Penny.
 This conference is kind of a big thing. The keynote address is being delivered by George Smoot.
 You've heard of him?
 Yeah, I wish.
 Well, we had a vote. Three of us voted for airplane, Sheldon voted for train, so we're taking the train.
 Hey, we're all going over to the Apple store to make fun of the guys at the Genius Bar. You want to come?
 What are you doing?
 Well, that does sound much simpler. How long is this going to take?
 Wow. Teasing the guys at the Apple store seems a little redundant now.
 I wouldn't expect you to. I'll see you later.
 Why not?
 Sheldon, we've been on this train 90 seconds, and you've already said a thousand words. Just tell us where to sit and shut up.
 Yeah, maybe. Meanwhile back in the 21st century, people are raising their tray tables and putting their seat-backs in an upright position 'cause it's time to land in San Francisco.
 Oh, look, now he's boring on an international scale.
 Is that who I think it is?
 Maybe John Connor's aboard and she's protecting him from an evil Terminator.
 Thank you.
 At least he's off the train crap.
 My money's on tuck and roll.
 Excuse me, but what about me? Why don't I get a shot?
 You know, I've already got a gorgeous blonde back home at I can't score with. I think I'll let you two take this one.
 So aren't you going to go talk to her?
 She's probably heard every possible line, Howard. Why don't you just try hello?
 You're going to need more than 11 hours.
 What's the matter?
 So?
 Okay, Sheldon, I'm going to say why and your answer cannot be because I forgot my flash drive.
 Why do you have to give your paper to George Smoot?
 So you'll send him an e-mail when we get back.
 Right. Of course.
 Well, there's nothing you can do about it, so relax, sit back, enjoy the clickety-clack of the steel wheels on the polished rails.
 Only ten hours, 55 minutes to go.
 I've got a better idea.
 Boy, you take all the fun out of it for me.' But look, Penny's home. Why don't we just call her, have her go in the apartment, get your flash drive and e-mail you the paper?
 So?
 So?
 So?
 I see. Well, it seems once again, you're caught between a rock and a crazy place.
 Give me the phone. Hi, Penny. It's Leonard.
 He's calling to ask you a favour. You might be confused because he didn't use the words, Penny, Sheldon, please or favour.
 Is that what he's drinking? It's not even real beer.
 Look at it. Non-alcoholic beer.
 I don't know. Some sort of placebo effect, I guess.
 Hey, Penny. It's Leonard.
 Delightful. Listen, I don't know what you're doing right now, but there are little bubbles forming on the corners of Sheldon's mouth.
 Thank you.
 Hey, Penny. Leonard again.
 Hey, how'd it go?
 Excuse me. 
 Hi, my name's Leonard.
 Ready.
 Damn it. I slipped.
 Why?
 So?
 Believe me, Howard, any girl who would be willing to play that, you don't want to see naked.
 Cheeseburger. I get a cheeseburger.
 Let's go. We're going to miss the coming attractions.
 Hello?
 W-W-Wait, what's going on?
 Terrific, but that kind of raises more questions than it answers.
 What if we infused the bottom layer with silicone-RTV to provide a better mounting surface?
 She'd need some kind of industrial cooling system.
 Where?
 Are you thinking about adding a desiccant like calcium sulphate?
 Hey, we could liberate some micro-porous charcoal from the chem lab.
 Uh, hey, it's your business. Do whatever you want.
 I'm still tweaking things a little bit, but this will give you the general idea of the Web site. So, what do you guys think?
 Okay, what's wrong with it?
 Not you. I wasn't asking you. Penny?
 No, it doesn't.
 You want to fire me?
 Excuse me, but if I did such a bad job then why do we already have orders?
 Uh-huh. Look. Mrs. Fiona Fondell from Huntsville, Alabama has ordered two.
 Uh-huh. Look at the comments.
 Holy crap. Someone just ordered a thousand Penny Blossoms.
 The Fifth Annual East Rutherford, New Jersey, Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual and Transgender Alliance Luau.
 Amazon offers one-day rush.
 Don't yell at me. I'm not manufacturing. I'm just Web design.
 What are you doing?
 How are we doing?
 Sheldon, we still have 380 of these things to make.
 Yeah, no. But, Sheldon, without your insight and leadership this entire enterprise will surely fail.
 Bam.
 I can't believe we actually did it.
 I'll print out the shipping label. Uh-oh.
 We got an e-mail from the East Rutherford, New Jersey, Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual and Transgender Alliance. They want another thousand Penny Blossoms.
 One-day rush. I really need to take that off the Web site.
 Davy Crockett. Jiminy Crockett was a cricket.
 Sorry. My apologies to the gay community of East Rutherford, New Jersey.
 Sheldon, it's not that bad.
 So they steamed your dumplings, get over it. New topic, please.
 Shh-shh-shh!
 No!
 Why would you just say something like that?
 Slowly, like putting a new fish in a tank. You don't just drop it in, you let the bag sit in the water a while.
 Why are you making it worse?
 What?
 I'm sorry, that really is how it works.
 Raj, help me out here.
 Stay calm, we don't know anything about them yet. What are you doing?
 The box says kitchen.
 Hello.
 Hello.
 That is so great. Oh, I'm Leonard, I live downstairs. Upstairs from here, but under you. Not under you per se, but under your apartment.
 Yeah, it is.
 Sheldon'
 You're making her uncomfortable.
 Thank you so much for giving me the opportunity to help.
 Hey, Penny. this is Alicia, our new neighbour.
 I'm helping.
 I think you look fantastic.
 Hey, uh, penny, you want to hear something awesome?
 Alicia is an actress, just like you.
 Alicia, what do you want as your default setting for DVDs, 5.1 Dolby or DTS?
 Well, DTS has more low end, so' okay.
 It's a little insulting, don't you think?
 Uh, yeah, I'd love to.
 Yeah, I'll get to it, don't nag me.
 Gee, Penny, thanks for buying us dinner.
 You want to watch Battlestar?
 What's wrong?
 Oh, I'd watch that.
 Okay, well, I'll take you.
 Golden age green lantern was vulnerable to wood.
 What are you doing?
 I had to, she called me cutie.
 Problem?
 Yes, but we all agreed that the third Thursday of every month would be Anything Can Happen Thursday.
 Sheldon, we agreed we'd do something different tonight.
 Way to think outside but pressed right up against the box, Sheldon.
 Come on, Howard, the odds of us picking up girls in a bar are practically zero.
 You're joking.
 You're right. It's Anything Can Happen Thursday, let's hit the clubs and meet hot women!
 Or we could finish eating and go to the comic book store.
 Oh, absolutely.
 Sure. What does he like?
 You know this can go on all night, why don't you just come with us?
 Don't worry, they're more scared of you than you are of them.
 Come on, I'll help you pick something.
 Oh, hey, Stuart. This is Penny. She's looking for some comic books.
 I think we're fine, Stuart.
 You mean for someone who's into comic books?
 Penny, just because people appreciate comic books doesn't make them weirdos. Stuart's a terrific artist. He went to the Rhode Island School of Design.
 Ah, yeah, that's Captain Sweatpants. He doesn't really help the point I'm trying to make.
 Problem?
 Uh, cut it in half?
 I don't believe it. Stuart's putting the moves on Penny.
 Nobody's up in anybody's business, let's just buy our stuff and go.
 Apparently so.
 No.
 When did you pick up on that?
 Sure, why not?
 Gee, thanks a lot.
 I don't need any insights. I just want to know why Penny's more interested in Stuart than me. We're practically the same guy.
 You're right, I really should be asking strangers on the Internet.
 Hey, Penny' and Stuart, hey Stuart.
 And you guys are going together, great'
 Hey, Howard?
 Take me to a bar with women.
 Yeah.
 Why?
 Should we talk to some of these women?
 That's your system?
 How about those two?
 What about the ones in the corner?
 I think Blinky's cute.
 Wait, so we just go over there?
 What else you got?
 No.
 I thought you were good at this. You're always talking about how you go to bars and meet women.
 Well, what happened? We've been sitting here all night and the longest conversation you've had with a woman was when your mom called.
 Say what?
 Fine. I'll sit here. You take flight and hunt.
 Actually, you can. There's a whole sport built around it. Falconry.
 Yes
 Yes
 God, I hope not. And no, I'm not Princess Leia.
 Yes
 Yes
 Yes
 You got it.
 No. Look, imagine you maintained a friendship with someone you had sex with, but you were free to date whoever you wanted.
 Alright, back to the game.
 We were up to you.
 Okay, let's see. Are you from a TV series?
 Sheldon, he obviously had feelings for her.
 Okay, uh look, you just need to get your mind off it. Do you want to go to the comic book store? Maybe go see a movie?
 I've never been there, have you?
 Okay, then let's do this, lets go to Las Vegas.
 Why not? People do things right now all the time. Why can't we be right now people too. Go home, pack a bag and we'll be right now people. I have to stop at the drug store to refill a prescription, but after that we'll go right now.
 Hey, Sheldon, are you coming?
 Great, we'll bring you back a tee-shirt.
 Howard, could I borrow some after shave?
 That is a lot of cologne.
 Come on, let's go.
 That's not an email, that's Leslie's facebook page.
 Alright.
 Okay, uh, if I get lucky I'll take her to my stately manor outside Gotham City, and if you get lucky, I'll sleep on the moon.
 Uh, Raj, can I, can I talk to you for a moment.
 Yeah, I really need to talk to you.
 Okay, I hate to break this to you and whatever your jammy is, but, I'm pretty sure she is a prostitute.
 Okay, let me put it this way, in your entire life, how many gorgeous women have walked straight up to you in a bar and asked if you wanted to party.
 Maybe, but I'm guessing it will cost you about $500 an hour to try.
 Oh, Howard's losing it. Check out his latest twitters. 'I'm at the bottom of a black hole staring into the abyss. My life is meaningless, my future is without hope.'
 You think that'd help?
 I don't know, Howard isn't really the family fun kind of guy.
 We're not going to get Wolowitz a hooker.
 Suppose it wouldn't hurt to get an estimate.
 Yeah, hi, listen, m, if you're not busy, well, w-we were thinking you could' well, we were wondering'
 Okay, great. Um' uh, the thing is, we've got this friend, and he's kind of down in the dumps, and we thought that maybe you could cheer him up.
 I think she knows what I meant.
 Okay, terrific. Um, uh, listen, is there a way that we can do this where he doesn't know that you're a' you know'
 Yes, yeah, exactly, the girlfriend experience.
 Behold?
 Hey, how's it going.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 What were you doing at Penny's?
 Just think. Thanks to your hard work, an international crew of astronauts will boldly go
 Oh, sure, what's up?
 Yeah, vaguely.
 What about it?
 Oh, too bad. I guess the thing to do now is just pick yourself up, dust yourself off, forget it and move on.
 Why the hell not?
 Nobody wants that.
 Uh, oh, gee, my initial reaction is no. You know, let me think about it and get back to you, okay?
 Yeah, or you call me.
 Or nobody calls anyone.
 You know, thanks for closed-captioning my pain, Raj.
 I'm listening.
 Oh, hi.
 Good, good. You?
 Sure.
 Yes.
 About what?
 No, no that's the past. I'm really more of a right now kind of guy. You know, living in the moment. Although I do have to live a little in the future, 'cause, well, that's my job. Of course, my fondness for classic science fiction does draw my attention backwards, but those stories often take place in the future. In conclusion, no, it doesn't bother me.
 Yeah, well I wouldn't say cool, I'd just say, that's Leonard!
 About Stuart? Love to.
 Well, uh, first of all, don't underestimate the value of discomfort.
 Well, yeah, Stuart thrives under pressure, that's why he works in a comic book store.
 Oh. It's Stuart.
 He wants to talk about Penny. I don't want to talk about Penny.
 Why would he call me?
 I'm not answering the phone, Sheldon.
 No! There, it went to voice mail.
 No.
 It must be hell inside your head.
 How teeny tiny?
 Well, what are you gonna do?
 So, what do you need us for?
 Good one.
 Hey Stuart.
 Um'
 Yeah, it's a regular Manhattan Project. What's up?
 Yeah, I'm sorry, it's been broken.
 Yeah, that too. Everything's broken.
 All right, well, off the top of my head, I think the most important thing with Penny is to go really slow. I mean, glacial.
 You know, guys come onto her all the time, so, you need to, like, set yourself apart. You know, be a little shy, don't make too much eye contact. And, you know, treat her with, like, cool detachment and, and, and, you know, fear.
 Yeah, like, you're afraid that if you touch her, she'll break.
 Good, good. Well, you kids have fun tonight.
 It wasn't bad advice. It just wasn't particularly helpful.
 I feel terrible.
 I deliberately tried to sabotage Stuart's date with Penny.
 Morning.
 Nothing. We just pulled an all-nighter trying to fix a zero-gravity' pasta maker. I'm gonna make a coffee run. Do you want any?
 Great. So how'd it go with Stuart last night?
 Yeah. Right. Sure. The thing is, before you guys went out, I spoke to him and'
 Okay' I just' I kind of'
 Comic book store.
 'Cause he's upset over his situation with Penny and if I have to hear about it again, I'm going to kick him in his ovaries.
 Thanks for understanding, Howard.
 Hey, Stuart, I need to talk to you.
 I think I gave you bad advice about Penny, and I want to apologize.
 It was?
 You're kidding. Never worked for me.
 Wine? I didn't say to give her wine.
 During the kissing? What did you do, sneeze in her mouth? I did that to a girl once.
 Leonard?
 Yeah, no, yeah, wow, I'm sorry. That must've been the last thing you wanted to hear.
 No doubt, no doubt. Okay, well, I'm sorry it didn't work out.
 Yeah, how about that? See you soon.
 Howard's space toilet. I'll tell you later.
 I'm sorry, were you talking to me?
 Yes, you did, didn't you?
 What was it doing on the ceiling?
 What?
 Then what was oh, boy?
 There's nothing wrong with the science here.
 Why?
 Yes, how did we live before Twitter? I guess you'll find out what it is in the morning.
 Yeah, I know the feeling.
 Sheldon, it's two o'clock in the morning.
 Everybody?
 You went to President Seibert's house in the middle of the night?
 You could have waited until morning. I know, look who I'm talking to.
 Hardly a day goes by when I don't think about it.
 Wait a minute. He offered to send you to the North Pole?
 Okay, well, do you want to go?
 Sure, maybe a tableau of me trying to pummel you to death.
 Maybe.
 Easy peasy, I'm doing it right now.
 Well, then don't go.
 All right, then go.
 Sheldon, what are the words I can say right now to end this conversation and let me go back to sleep?
 How was it resolved?
 I could use the bathroom at 8:20.
 It's not gonna be the same without you.
 Hang on. Let's talk about it. This is a National Science Foundation expedition. I don't know how we can turn it down.
 Howard, this is big science. You could be the engineer who builds the equipment that puts us on the cover of magazines.
 Yes.
 I'm in.
 Hi.
 Yeah. Pretty cool, huh?
 Oh, well, it all happened kind of fast, and we had to get physicals and buy thermal underwear and study up on, you know, snow and stuff. Sorry, I was gonna tell you.
 Actually, it would help.
 Yeah.
 Did she seem upset to you?
 No.
 A little bit.
 I mean, I know she's not my girlfriend or anything, but wouldn't you think she'd feel a little bad that I'm going to be gone for the whole summer?
 I can't press any of the buttons with my gloves. Oh, son of a bitch!
 Okay, I can't do this.
 Hang on, I know I don't possess the tools of leadership, but I don't understand why we can't assemble the equipment inside the hut and then take it outside.
 What is it?
 Sheldon, you know I can't eat butter. I'm lactose intolerant.
 Sure, but let's go out here where there's a little less yelling and guilt. What's up?
 Oh, a blanket.
 Oh, wow, cool.
 Bye.
 Sheldon, Sheldon?
 Sheldon, it's me.
 Listen, I don't know if I can go on the expedition.
 I don't think I can go to the North Pole.
 Yeah, that's very comforting.
 Terrific, it's just that I don't think Penny wants me to go.
 Not exactly. But she said she was gonna miss me and she gave me this.
 It's a blanket with sleeves.
 Yes, obviously.
 Yes, okay, but I'm gonna be gone for three months. What if she doesn't miss me that long and she meets someone else?
 So, I can't go.
 You really think so?
 It's 7 a.m. I'm sorry it's early, but we're leaving soon, and I needed to talk to you.
 What did you mean when you said you're going to miss me?
 All right, fine. What about that really long hug? What did that mean?
 It was at least five Mississippis. A standard hug is two Mississippis tops.
 Glad we cleared that up.
 I guess I'll see you.
 Thank you. Bye.
 Damn it.
 We're out of ice.
 Hey, guys, can I just say something? How about we take a moment to think about where we are right now? This is literally the top of the world. Only a handful of people in all of human history will ever see what we are going to see.
 Dinner's ready!
 Reconstituted Thai food.
 Check.
 Check.
 Uh, oh, sorry.
 Oh, thank God we're home.
 I'm going to go let Penny know we're back.
 Yeah, I just stopped by to say' 
 I missed you, too.
 Me, neither. Except for one night when the heat went out. Long story, it's' don't ask.
 Damn his Vulcan hearing. Not a good time, Sheldon.
 Yes, I feel terrible about it. I will never forgive myself, I don't expect you to either, and I would really appreciate it if you would leave me with Penny for a session of self-criticism and repentance.
 It was the only way to make him happy.
 Because when he wasn't happy, we wanted to kill him. There was even a plan. We were going to throw his Kindle outside, and when he went to get it, lock the door and let him freeze to death.
 No, the overreaction was the plan to tie your limbs to four different sled dog teams and yell mush. Look, we kept the original data. You can still publish the actual results.
 Aw, see, yeah, you probably shouldn't have done that. So write another e-mail, set the record straight, it's no big deal.
 Yeah, I feel terrible.
 What? Uh, he'll be fine, the guy's a trouper, come here.
 Man, I cannot catch a break.
 Well, he came out of his room this morning wearing his Darth Vader helmet and tried to choke me to death with the Force, so I'd say, a little better.
 Howard'
 Well, tell your genitals what I do with Penny is none of their business.
 Sheldon, why are you sitting by yourself?
 Come on. We said we were sorry.
 So much for our friendship with Sheldon.
 Hey. Listen, since we got, you know, interrupted last night, I didn't have a chance to give you this.
 It's a snowflake. From the North Pole.
 Uh-huh. It'll last forever. I preserved it in a one percent solution of polyvinyl acetal resin.
 It's actually a pretty simple process. You see, cyanoacrylate are monomers which polymerize on'
 Man, I can not catch a break.
 Okay, well, thanks for letting me know.
 Of course I'm going to do something. Uh, Howard, you check the comic book store. Raj, go to the Thai restaurant. I'll stay here with Penny in her apartment.
 Well, you know, I gave you the snowflake and we were kissing and' Oh, come on, I don't want to go to Texas!
 Trust me, you'll be fine. See ya.
 Yeah, but I already saw him naked. Just come here.
 Really?
 Maybe you can.
 I can't believe you bought a red cowboy hat.
 Saloons?
 What can I tell you? They probably have steaks on sale at that big-ass Costco over there.
 Will you please take that stupid hat off?
 ' We took the red-eye.
 Uh, no, thank you.
 Uh, if you don't mind, Mrs. Cooper, there's a 3:05 nonstop back to Los Angeles, and you have no idea how much I want to be on it.
 Uh, yes, ma'am.
 We came to apologize.
 And bring you home. So, why don't you pack up your stuff and we'll head back.
 No, this is my home now. Thanks to you, my career is over and I will spend the rest of my life here in Texas trying to teach evolution to creationists.
 How about that? I finally caught a break.
 You know how they say when friends have sex it can get weird?
 Why does it have to get weird?
 I mean, we were friends, and now we're more than friends. We're whatever this is. But why label it, right? I mean, it is what it is and'
 Yeah?
 Totally.
 Hey, guys.
 What do you mean? It's new comic book night.
 There's more to life than sex, Raj.
 Nothing flamed out. We don't have to have sex every night, you know.
 It's not a matter of opportunity. We're getting to know each other. There's a learning curve.
 Nothing like that happened, all right? The sex was just fine.
 I'm not saying it was bad, I'm just saying it' wasn't great.
 To tell you the truth, I think we were both a little, I don't know'
 All I know is, it wasn't the way I dreamed it would be.
 Sheldon, dinner's here.
 No, we went somewhere new.
 No, look, Mumbai Palace.
 Trust me, this will be just fine.
 What's that supposed to mean?
 I don't know
 Duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh.
 Penny, wait. Aagh! What is wrong with you?
 Please don't be mad.
 Nothing bad, just that last night was fine.
 Yeah, it's a perfectly good word. You put it in front of wine or dining, and you've really got something. Okay, well, let me ask you this, how was last night for you?
 Okay?
 So, you've been through this before?
 Okay-dokay.
 So much.
 Actually, ethyl alcohol inhibits electrical conduction in the nerve cells and stimulates reuptake receptors of inhibitory neurotransmitters like gamma-aminobutyric acid.
 More wine?
 What are we drinking now?
 Why would you buy peppermint schnapps?
 What?
 Schnapps. You're right, that is fun.
 I'm okay. Just a little mouthwash, and then I'm gonna rock your world. 
 God, I had the most horrible night.
 I bet I could throw a rock in this room and come up with three better friends.
 Hey. What's going on?
 Wait a minute. You talked to Penny about our sex life?
 Right, right. You're saying you talked to Penny?
 Interesting.
 Excuse me.
 Little bit. 
 Hey. Uh, what did Sheldon say to you?
 Is that what you want?
 I guess.
 It would, wouldn't it?
 Good, good.
 Morning.
 Sorry. I haven't given her your schedule yet.
 We did, but there were extenuating circumstances.
 No, her bed kind of' broke.
 Perfectly formed miniature human being.
 Don't do that.
 Sheldon, you really need to find a better way of dealing with Penny.
 I'm just saying, you can catch more flies with honey than with vinegar.
 It's a' 
 Wow!
 Sheldon! it's an amazing coincidence, can we leave it at that?
 Come on, you guys, let it go.
 What was that?
 It does. But in my experience, you don't.
 Yeah, yeah, now that's you, obnoxious and insufferable.
 Howard, what did you do?
 Why are you carrying extras?
 In this case, you bet she is.
 They're gonna get beaten up at that club.
 Oshikuru: Demon Samurai.
 Okay, I know what you're doing.
 Yes, you're using chocolates as positive reinforcement for what you consider correct behaviour.
 No, I don't want any chocolate! Sheldon, you can't train my girlfriend like a lab rat.
 Well, you shouldn't.
 No, this has to stop now.
 No, you're not sanding Penny.
 Yes, you're forbidden.
 What could she possibly be talking about for so long?
 No.
 You're not squirting her in the face with water.
 Forget it.
 I'm not. And Penny's qualities, both good and bad, are what make her who she is.
 Yes.
 You're not changing how Penny laughs.
 Unbelievable.
 I was just thinking, we should probably turn in too.
 Really, that's a lot of work, and it's kind of late.
 Let's go.
 What do you mean?
 Hey.
 We're watching Goonies, Gremlins and Young Sherlock Holmes. They were all written by Chris Columbus.
 What's he on trial for?
 Oh. I'll be there.
 So, what's going on with Raj?
 What do you mean, he's getting deported?
 So, what's going on?
 So, wait, what have you been doing for the past six months?
 Don't worry, you'll find another job.
 I've always been a little confused about this. Why don't Hindus eat beef?
 Yeah.
 Wait, are you saying that he discriminated against you? Because we should file a complaint.
 Hey.
 Excuse me, Sheldon, how many reels before the subordinate male protagonist gets to his point?
 Uh-huh. Now that Raj is working for Sheldon, I don't have to chauffeur him around anymore. Plus, yeah, with them working late so much, we get some privacy.
 What are you thinking?
 You are a dirty girl.
 Hi, Howard.
 Little bit, yeah.
 Uh-huh.
 You know, whatever.
 That was fun. Thank you.
 Oh. Okay. Tomorrow you're going to get a card in the mail. Just throw it away.
 What are you doing here?
 Yeah, okay. Um, Howard, we need to talk.
 Uh, please understand that it's not that we don't want you around, but Penny and I occasionally need some alone time.
 Thank you. There's lox and cream cheese in the fridge, the bagels are in the oven, I was warming them up.
 Good.
 I don't know. What do you want me to do?
 Are you sure?
 Okay. Howard come back.
 Okay, well, then I'll just cut your vines with my ruby sword. That's right, I did it. I cut 'em.
 Warlord beats troll, troll beats elf, elf beats water sprite, and basically everything beats enchanted bunny.
 Just play a potion card.
 Sheldon, don't ruin the game.
 See? Ruined.
 Sheldon has kind of a photographic memory.
 Why?
 See ya. Still can't believe she's going out with me.
 What?
 Yeah, I don't remember that.
 Oh, yeah.
 Howard, you can't hold me to that.
 Because when I made that agreement, I didn't think I'd ever have a hot girlfriend. And I was positive you never would.
 Oh, damn it. Can I have a napkin?
 But you have a whole bunch of 'em.
 No, I haven't.
 Because I've been busy, because I haven't figured out a way to bring it up, and mostly, and I can't stress how key this is, because I don't want to.
 It's not that simple. What am I supposed to say? Penny, do you have any friends you'd like to never hear from again?
 Fine. I'll ask if she has a friend for you.
 Right.
 I'll see what I can do.
 Are you kidding? I couldn't even talk him into giving me one of his freakin' napkins.
 Not really. I googled how to do that. So, listen, have you ever made a pact with someone?
 Okay, fine, like a pinky swear.
 Yeah, I'm familiar with Bert and Ernie.
 Over puppets?
 Okay. Speaking of what the heart wants, um, a long time ago, I made a pact with Wolowitz that kind of involves you.
 No, no, nothing like that. The deal was that if either of us ever got a girlfriend, we'd have her fix the other one up with one of her friends.
 Well, I sure as hell wasn't going to bring it up before sex, and during, I was trying to remember what I read on google, so'
 Come on, it doesn't have to be a good friend. And you know that deep down inside, Howard's a really nice guy.
 Will you at least think about it? Just as a favour to me?
 Girls don't count Klingon, Howard. Right?
 Another delightful surprise for her.
 Gonna be a long night.
 I had to ask. You didn't have to say yes.
 Long, long night.
 How about that? Einstein was wrong.
 Approaching the speed of light doesn't slow down time. Approaching them does.
 Kites, ho!
 If you're referring to the work of Benjamin Franklin, he did not discover electricity, he merely used a kite to determine that lightning consists of electricity. He also invented the Franklin stove, bifocals and the flexible urinary catheter. Kites, ho.
 We're heading out for some kite fighting.
 Oh, yeah. It's an extremely competitive, cutthroat sport.
 You want to come watch?
 Oh. Football, sure.
 No, no, I'm not, so, great. You've got plans doing something you like, I've got plans doing something I like, so it's good.
 Yeah, great.
 Well, this sucks.
 Why wouldn't Penny want her friends to meet me?
 Maybe Koothrappali's right, maybe I embarrass her.
 Sorry.
 So, Penny doesn't want me around her friends, I embarrass her. What else could it be?
 Oh, how kind of her.
 Hey.
 How was your football party?
 Oh, that's excellent. It's a weird figure of speech, isn't it, we won when you weren't
 Oh, hey, on a related subject, are you embarrassed to have me around your friends?
 Well, you know, I just noticed I haven't really met any of them.
 Well, yeah, no, I met the huge ex-boyfriend and the smaller yet still larger than me ex-boyfriend. Were they here today?
 Of course not. Why would they be? Why would I ask? Why am I rambling? Why don't you stop me?
 I wouldn't be bored. Why would I be bored?
 Penny, I like all sorts of people. In fact, some of my best friends aren't geniuses.
 Okay, some of my Facebook friends aren't geniuses. My point is, if we're going to be a couple, I should be friends with your friends.
 Another football game?
 Did not know that.
 Sure, sure, just I don't know much about football.
 Great.
 Okay, a complete pass. First down, New England. I think I'm starting to get this.
 Focus on the game, not the commercials, Raj.
 There's no fooling you. Now, what is this sacks statistic they put up there?
 Sacks, sacks'
 Huh' Scrimmage'
 Oh.
 Apparently.
 Sheldon, how do you know this stuff?
 Unbelievable.
 So you could teach me?
 Football. I'm going to Penny's on Saturday to watch a game with her friends and I don't want to look like an idiot. I want to blend in.
 Come on, Sheldon, please teach me about football. It'll be fun.
 Please, I'm asking you as a friend.
 Yes.
 I really appreciate this.
 I'm sorry?
 When are you going to stop making Cylon toast?
 What's wrong with a football jersey?
 I's the smallest size they had, except the one for dogs. I can't believe they had one for dogs.
 Anyway, wish me luck.
 Well, I wouldn't put it exactly that way.
 Yeah, okay, like you said.
 Good-Bye, Sheldon.
 Yeah, no, I'm trying to fit in, not get laughed at.
 Go! Go! Go! Go-Go-Go-Go! Yes! Are you people watching this? Is this amazing or what?
 Oh. Did not know that.
 None, why?
 Okay, yeah. I can see the difference.
 That completely was a forward pass, which they threw intentionally incomplete to avoid loss of yardage or to conserve time. I can't believe they're not being penalized with the loss of a down and by having to move the line of scrimmage back to the spot of the foul.
 Penny, you know I'm lactose intolerant.
 Mimesis?
 What the hell are you talking about?
 Oh, I guess so.
 I don't want to fly kites, Sheldon. We're watching football here.
 Oh, look at that. The Oklahoma coach has thrown down a red flag indicating he's challenging the ruling on the field. I hope he's right, 'cause if he's not, it'll cost him one of his three time-Outs.
 No, I'll watch the end of the game. Besides, there's only three minutes left.
 This is just half? We've been here for hours.
 Oh, you're kidding me.
 Nice meeting all of you.
 We must not be playing it right.
 Oh, gee, Sheldon, I don't think we can play on Sunday.
 Because of the reasons that Penny will now tell you. Penny?
 There you go, she has to pick up her friend Justin at the airport, aAnd I can't play 'cause I'm going with her, right?
 Wait. What are you talking about?
 Who is this Justin?
 No, you didn't.
 Hang on. Some guy is going to be sleeping on your couch?
 So by friend, do you mean friend friend, gay friend, or ex boyfriend who you're now platonic with but still might have a thing for you friend'?
 Oh, a definitely not gay musician sleeping on my girlfriend's couch. Yippee.
 Okay, not to be pedantic, but the last I checked went out was in fact the past tense of going out, which I think we all know is a popular euphemism for saw each other naked.
 What was your first clue?
 I'm not talking to you like you're an idiot! I'm saying the whole idea is idiotic!
 You know what? It is your life. If you want to have some stupid guitarist stay on your couch, then fine. Why don't you just rent some bunk beds and invite The Black Eyed Peas?
 Are you listening to yourself? Do you know how childish you sound right now?
 The two aren't mutually exclusive!
 He's drowning us out. He doesn't like fighting.
 I heard of 'em. Didn't know they were a band. Sheldon, she's gone. You can turn off the blender.
 No, we just had a little spat.
 I don't get how she can just announce that an old boyfriend is going to be sleeping on her couch.
 I don't want to play a game, Sheldon.
 An old boyfriend who's definitely not gay. That's what a guy likes to hear, definitely.
 And then I say one little thing and I end up being the bad guy!
 What am I supposed to say? Sure, Penny, I'm cool with your old boyfriend sleeping in your apartment. Well, Leonard, it doesn't matter if you're cool or not because I'm Penny and I'm pretty and I can do whatever the hell I want! Oh, I get it! You think you're doing me a favour just by being in a relationship with me! No, no, Leonard! I'm doing you a favour just by being in the same room as you!
 What?
 Calm down, we'll make the movie.
 Hey. We're, uh, going to the movies.
 Hang on. They're showing a new digital print of Time Bandits, you wouldn't want to come, would you?
 Just give us a minute.
 So, are we going to talk about last night?
 No.
 Oh, come on. This is stupid.
 No, there's a difference between being stupid and acting stupid.
 No, there isn't! They're synonyms!
 Oh, we need to kill a couple hours till the next showing of Time Bandits.
 Thanks, Stuart. Let me ask you something. Do you think it's okay for Penny to have an ex-boyfriend sleep on her couch?
 Thank you!
 I am not going to fold.
 Hey.
 Sure.
 What?
 What? Who would tell you something like that? Why would you tell her something like that?
 Okay, yeah, it's true, but I can live with that stuff. What I can't live with is you casually informing me that some guy's going to be staying in your apartment without even asking me first!
 Oh, come on. Sheldon, have you ever once heard me say that I don't trust Penny? Sheldon? Where did he go?
 Where are you going? You just walk away in the middle of an argument?!
 Why didn't you say so?
 Well, I can't read your mind, Penny!
 What are you doing? He's not a lost dog.
 The brake might be imaginary, but that stop sign you just ran wasn't.
 Eyes on the road. Eyes on the road!
 Hey, Stuart, have you seen Sheldon?
 Thank you.
 I'm not leaving until you talk to me.
 It's a little hard to explain. He does this thing where he pretends he's in an alternate dimension that occupies the same physical space we're in, but he can't perceive us.
 Yeah, where's he gonna sleep?
 Why should I let it go? Why don't you just tell the guy to find another place to sleep? 
 Always is a long time. Sure. Always.
 Oh, come on, he's just going to play with it twice, and then it'll end up in his closet with all the other junk.
 So what did Justin say when you told him he couldn't sleep on your couch?
 Uh, t-minus five hours, 37 minutes to onset of meteor shower.
 Uh, we have a signal, but there's no frame lock.
 Oh, hey. Dune.
 Too bad Sheldon couldn't come with us.
 I wish Penny didn't have to work, she loves camping.
 Come on, you guys can't be that hard up.
 Of course, they did. That's what grandmothers do.
 Mmmm, not bad.
 Stars are pretty, aren't they?
 I can feel it. I can feel the earth moving. It's moving too fast. Raj, slow it down.
 Better. Thanks.
 What's so funny?
 I hate my name. It has nerd in it. Len nerd.
 You know what's a cool name? Angelo. That has angel and jell-o in it.
 People could call me Angie. Yo, Angie, how's it goin'?
 No. That was the last pudding cup.
 That's what he used to eat his pudding, remember?
 The only thing in here are blue ice packs.
 Oh, god, I am so hungry.
 Okay.
 Will you shut up? We're all hungry.
 What kind of score are we looking at?
 All right, everyone grab flashlights.
 Quick, get forks.
 I feel like we're forgetting something important.
 He struck out.
 With Penny and me, it took two years. Now that I think about it, that was three dates.
 No, she was pretty clear about wanting to keep her options open.
 The cultural paradigm in which people have sex after three dates.
 Never mind, what's your announcement?
 Are you really going to be on NPR?
 Very cool, congratulations.
 You know, when Sheldon gives you homework, you don't have to do it.
 Hey.
 You'd have a better shot with the three-breasted Martian hooker from Total Recall.
 Excuse me, I'm sitting here.
 Again, I'm right here.
 I am here, right? You see me.
 How ya doin', buddy?
 Come on, it wasn't that bad.
 Okay, so Kripke played a joke on you.
 Raj.
 I fell on the floor. All right, he got you, you can get him back.
 Are you really admitting defeat?
 Good.
 What if you could make Kripke look even sillier than he made you look?
 You're not helping.
 Sheldon, what you need to do is figure out a way to exact vengeance on Kripke, like, uh, like, how the Joker got back at Batman for putting him in the Arkham Asylum for the Criminally Insane.
 No, no.
 Okay, uh, that's the spirit, but, um, let's dial it back to a non-lethal form of vengeance.
 Let's keep thinking.
 This is brilliant, Sheldon. How are we going to deploy it in Kripke's office?
 Let me guess, motion sensors?
 I gotta say, I am really impressed. This is truly the Sheldon Cooper way to get even. 
 Who is that with him?
 And the board of directors. Abort! Abort!
 At least they don't know it was you.
 I think it upsets Sheldon when you play with the food.
 It upsets Sheldon when you play with the Sheldon.
 Yeah. Hey.
 Sure. The more, the merrier.
 Sheldon'
 Relax, it'll be fine, sit down, you guys.
 That's where Sheldon sits.
 I am. Are you interested in physics?
 Actually, my tests of the Aharonov-Bohm quantum interference effect have reached an interesting point. Right now, we're testing the phase shift due to an electric potential.
 Yes, I am. You want to see a simulation on my laptop?
 Hey, look, it's Howard and his girlfriend Bernadette.
 Yeah, no, I got it.
 Ah, terrific. We're getting the electron accelerator set up. We should be ready to go day after tomorrow.
 You're welcome to come.
 Excuse me?
 Yeah? So?
 What are you talking about?
 Has it ever worked?
 Howard, relax, I'm not interested in your girlfriend.
 I believe you.
 What did I do now?
 What?
 You do have a problem with her hanging out with me.
 What was I supposed to tell her?
 And what would that be?
 You told her my experiment was stupid?
 Should I, um, leave you two alone?
 Okay, good, 'cause I wasn't really gonna go.
 We're shocked.
 Or loud noises, clowns and nuns.
 He had a panic attack once when he got his head stuck in a sweater.
 I don't know. Maybe because I'm crazy?
 It's up to you. He didn't call your experiment stupid.
 Tushy face, that is going on Twitter right now.
 I'm glad you enjoyed it. Most people aren't that interested in what I do.
 When we watch Frosty the Snowman, he roots for the sun.
 We didn't have a tree when I was growing up.
 Mmm, in my family, holidays weren't so much celebrated as studied for their anthropological and psychological implications on human society.
 Mmm, in a way. We presented papers, and then broke off into focus groups and critiqued each other.
 Here we go.
 Merry Newton-mas, everyone.
 No, he doesn't.
 Yeah, you got me. I'm a Leibniz man.
 Tomorrow.
 Um, tomorrow?
 Well, I just, I thought'
 You are, it's just'
 I know. And those specials, they change every day.
 Okay, sorry.
 Um'
 Um'
 Um'
 I drove, Mother. I'm driving now.
 Wait, wait, wait. When did you send my mom notes on a paper?
 Wait, wait, wait. You had surgery?
 No, I heard that.
 I just don't understand why he knows more about your life than I do.
 Fine, Mom. How are you?
 Now I'm less fine.
 No. Sheldon, why didn't you tell me?
 You must be very happy.
 Not the time, Sheldon.
 I don't know what you're talking about.
 All right. He 'has' a 'girlfriend.'
 Oh, glad you're here, uh, sit down, I'll get you a plate. Mom, you remember Penny.
 What?
 No!
 When did this happen?
 Mitzy's dead?
 I don't believe this. Why am I the last to know?
 You're right. I'm-I'm-I'm-I'm sorry, I'm way out of line!
 What is it?
 I don't want tea.
 Then why are you telling me?
 That's a lousy conversation starter.
 What do you want, Sheldon?
 I want that too. Why are you here?
 Thank you, that's very comforting.
 It's not?
 You're right, I do feel better.
 You're my surrogate family?
 What the hell is going on?
 Are you guys drunk?
 How come you didn't tell me that you and Father were getting a divorce? How come you didn't tell me you had surgery? How come you didn't tell me my dog died?
 I do.
 Once again, I'm driving. I'm right here.
 Wait a minute, what are you talking about? What inappropriate behaviour?
 What the hell, agreed.
 Mother, remember when I was complaining that you don't communicate with me enough?
 I'm over it.
 Look at us. Getting ready for a double date with actual women who publicly acknowledge they're our girlfriends.
 Howard, artificial women are your department. You want to take this?
 What are you trying to tell me, Howard?
 Don't worry. We're planning to have sex right on the salad bar.
 Got it.
 Uh, sorry, Raj. Howard and I are going out to dinner with Penny and Bernadette.
 How did we get actual women?
 I hope you're hungry, Bernadette, we're going to a terrific restaurant.
 Great. How come?
 Of course, I would never make fun of you.
 Oh, gee, why didn't you say so? They don't let just anyone have a Web site.
 You're surprised? Your psychic didn't tell you I was going to be a jerk?
 Come on, Penny.
 I'm sorry, but facts are facts.
 No, if it's not a fact, it's not a fact.
 You're welcome. How's your fish?
 Yeah, sure.
 Come on, Howard, Bernadette, you're both scientists. Help me out here.
 Maybe we should just stop talking about this.
 You know, the best thing about being in a committed, monogamous, mutually supportive relationship is that even if you have different ideas, you can have a spirited debate, yet still care for, even make love with' 
 What's going on?
 What the hell is eighth base?
 Oh, couldn't be better.
 It's not just Cylons. Superman's next.
 How can I go out with a woman who believes in psychics?
 And that didn't bother you?
 What am I supposed to do, pretend I believe something I don't whenever I'm with Penny?
 Do me a favour, lean over, put your head right here.
 What's your point? In order to keep having a sexual relationship with Penny, I have to give up everything I believe in, my intellectual integrity, the very nature of who I am? I can't do that, Howard.
 What is that?
 Hey. Cleaning out the old dryer lint, huh? Not only is it courteous, it's safety smart. Every year, 15,000 fires are caused by accidental dryer lint ignition. Now you're supposed to say, wow, what an interesting fact. Come here, you crazy, nerdy guy. I could never be mad at you.
 No, I'm sorry. I really am. It's not right to mock what a person believes in.
 Would you be willing to read a book that concisely explains how all psychics are frauds?
 Okay, let's go see your psychic.
 Well, yeah, one of us has to keep an open mind.
 No, not at all. Let me help you with this stuff.
 Great.
 I know, and pyramid power and healing crystals.
 Really, that's the line? Psychics are real, but crystals are voodoo?
 So what? It's the same food.
 It's obviously a typo.
 You know what? Let's just get a pizza.
 And why is that?
 What if they were mobsters who slept with the fishes?
 So are our laptops.
 We like games.
 What about me?
 Would I be completely out of line to ask you to shoot him?
 How is that going to help them?
 What are we supposed to do now?
 Does that mean you've ruled me out as a suspect?
 Hey, there's no reason for you to be scared.
 Hand me the bat.
 We're fine, Sheldon.
 Mm-hmm.
 Yes, we are. And we're about to go to bed.
 What do you want?
 But you don't like other people.
 It's getting scary here, too.
 Did we win? Can we go to bed?
 He's right, Penny. It's all there.
 Great. Good night.
 4am.
 Just keep walking. 
 Who is it?
 I'll send them a basket of muffins.
 Where did you get all this stuff?
 He just gave it to you?
 Sorry, let me help you.
 God, Sheldon. What the hell are you doing out there?
 It was us. We knocked over a lamp.
 We were going to have'
 What are you doing? Use the door.
 Great, you do that.
 I'm lactose intolerant.
 Sorry about that.
 Looks like Wolowitz got the net electrified.
 Don't you think looking for a new city to live in is a bit of an overreaction?
 Oh, no, he's going to telecommute. Everybody's really excited about it.
 Any place specific or just the Bozeman, Montana Loony Bin?
 They call themselves Bozites?
 Penny, I told you if you don't put him in his crate at night he just runs around the apartment.
 Mmm, he's either isolating the terms of his formula and examining them individually, or looking for the alligator that swallowed his hand after Peter Pan cut it off.
 Aye, aye, Captain.
 Maybe you need a fresh start.
 Intellectually about 30 hours. Emotionally about 29 years.
 No, I think it's a firmware problem.
 I think Penny likes to skate. The four of us could double.
 Yeah, this morning he used a stick of butter as deodorant.
 I haven't seen him this stuck since he tried to figure out the third Matrix movie.
 Here, you want my peas?
 So roller skating, should we all grab a bite to eat first?
 Great. Your mom's not coming, right?
 You had some nice moves out there, Howard.
 Yeah. Did you notice all the people looking at us?
 Sorry. I'm moving a little slow. I think I bruised my coccyx.
 Don't tell Koothrappali. After you.
 Oh, my God! Are you' 
 Are you okay?
 Don't bark at me. I fell, too.
 No, that's a crazy thing.
 That was amazing how you handled him.
 It's not me, it's my new ringtone. The Joker from Batman.
 Me, too, but I paid three bucks for it.
 Hello. Yeah, I'm Leonard Hofstadter. Yeah, yeah, he's my roommate. Oh, God, is he okay? Yeah, alright, alright, I'll be right there.
 Sheldon's escaped and is terrorizing the village.
 Hi. I'm Dr. Hofstadter. Where is he?
 Thanks for not calling the cops.
 Yeah, well, he's extra special. Hey, Shelly. What you doing?
 Sure, sure. How did you get into this place?
 No, I don't think so. We need to go home now.
 If you don't come out of there, I'm going to have to drag you out.
 For God's sakes. Sheldon, come here!
 What?
 And you had to barge in here and wake us up in the middle of the night?
 Because we didn't want to be disturbed.
 Really? You figured out the graphene problem?
 What are you talking about?
 Yeah, I'm going to need a little more.
 Keep going.
 So, you're going to go work at the patent office?
 Sounds like a great plan.
 Okay, well, thanks for sharing with us. Good night.
 Told you.
 Hang on. Black beans, not pinto beans?
 Double guacamole?
 No cilantro?
 Lettuce shredded, not chopped?
 You understand why I'm doing this to you?
 That'll be all. That was fun.
 I heard about this professor at MIT who melted down, bought a van, and spent the rest of his life as a mobile dog groomer.
 Only to shampoo Professor Chambourg's shih tzu.
 Yeah, that's the only thing wrong with that plan.
 Sheldon took our order.
 Well, honey, not to complain, but we were starting to think you didn't either.
 Sheldon, come here.
 Who's miserable and alone?
 Oh. I used to be like that. Then I got a girlfriend.
 Hey, what are you and Bernadette doing for your first Valentine's Day?
 Okay, so to sum up: one giant marble horse, one asinine comment, one lonely man and his chicken. And let's see, who's left? Oh, that's right. My plans. Isn't anyone going to ask?
 That's not what I was going to tell you.
 Guess who the university is sending to Switzerland to attend a conference and see the CERN supercollider on February 14?
 Actually, Professor Norton can't make it. He threw his back out rock climbing.
 In any case, they're asking me to fill in for him.
 Switzerland. And I get to bring a guest!
 I am taking Penny.
 Sheldon, you got a minute?
 Sheldon, I'm not taking you to Switzerland.
 Penny.
 Yes, but it'll be Valentine's Day. We can go sightseeing and skiing and make love in front of a roaring fire in the shadow of the snowcapped Alps.
 I'm sorry, Sheldon.
 Yeah, well, I've been dreaming about spending Valentine's Day with a girl since I was six.
 Just a minute. This tray contains clues as to what you and I are going to be doing on Valentine's Day.
 No. But it does involve air travel. Okay, um, let me slice this Swiss cheese with my Swiss army knife, and then you can wash it down with a cup of Swiss Miss instant cocoa.
 Uh-huh.
 How does that involve air travel?
 No.
 We're going to Switzerland to see the CERN supercollider! And ski. We'll also go skiing.
 Well, you'll ski, I'll fall, but, yeah, we will be in Switzerland for Valentine's Day.
 Sheldon, we've been through this. I'm taking Penny.
 Not the roommate agreement.
 Oh, for God's sakes.
 Yeah. We also put in what happens if one of us wins a MacArthur Grant, or if one of us gets superpowers, or if one of us is bitten by a zombie.
 Sheldon, do you really expect to enforce this?
 No.
 Look, Sheldon, I know it's in the agreement, and if you turn into a zombie, I promise I will not kill you. In fact, I'll even let you eat my brains. But I am taking Penny to Switzerland.
 It is.
 What do you think? 
 Got a bit of traffic this morning, huh? Think it's gonna rain? Instead of underpants, I covered my crotch with potato salad this morning. Thoughts? Okay, I know what'll cheer you up, let's play one of your driving games.
 You really think I belong with Benedict Arnold and Judas?
 Come on, Sheldon. Can't you at least try to understand how much this means to me?
 Rupert Murdoch?
 You seen Sheldon?
 Yeah. He thinks I betrayed him. I mean, come on, what would you guys do if you were me?
 Seriously?
 Uh, let's see. Yup, 30 pieces of silverware.
 What's going on?
 You made Frodo pancakes?
 Why are you doing this?
 Thanks. It's good.
 You hate Babylon 5.
 Okay, great. Still not taking you to Switzerland.
 Sheldon, I need to talk to you.
 Some what?
 You're not going to Switzerland!
 She told me that you went behind my back to guilt her into letting you go instead of her.
 Well, forget it. I was the one who was invited, I get to decide who goes with me, and it's Penny, not you!
 I don't need to see your presentation. This discussion is over!
 Sheldon, at this point, I would go by myself before I would take you.
 Yeah, really.
 I'm sorry you feel that way.
 Why don't you enlighten me?
 Just think, this time tomorrow we'll be in Geneva, Switzerland for our first Valentine's Day.
 Thermal? 'Cause it's gonna be cold.
 Oh!
 Do you want an allergy pill? 'Cause I have 'em all. Prescription, nonprescription, foreign, domestic, experimental.
 Not really, I'm just an enthusiast.
 Penny? You okay?
 What's going on?
 Well, our plane leaves at 9 a.m. Do you think you'll feel better by then?
 Hey, Sheldon? Listen, Penny is pretty sick and she's not going to be able to go to Switzerland. So if you're still interested, you're welcome to come. 
 Yeah, I forgot about all this.
 Will you please turn your shirt off?
 Hey, Stuart, what's going on?
 Stan Lee does not have a contagious skin disease.
 I can't decide whether I want Stan Lee to autograph my Journey into Mystery 83, first appearance of Thor or my Fantastic Four number five, first appearance of Dr. Doom. 
 He does. And in the kitchen. And in the car. And in his pocket.
 Hey. Guess who's going to be at the comic bookstore on Thursday?
 Stan Lee.
 No, no, Stan Lee.
 You have no idea who he is, do you?
 Good, good, so, who's Stan Lee?
 Nope.
 No.
 That's Bruce Lee.
 It's not that big a deal. You just go down to the court on Thursday and you pay the fine.
 Whoa! What do you mean all?
 Yeah, okay. No.
 That's what I'm saying.
 Oh, come on, why would you do that?
 Sheldon's in jail?
 For what?
 So tell him to apologize.
 Oh, no, that's terrible. Ooh, the line's moving. Got to go. Bye.
 Look at that. To my friend, Leonard, from Stan Lee, Excelsior!
 Oh, hey, buddy. How'd it go?
 Yeah, but we all want to hear it from you.
 Okay, that's enough, Howard. The poor guy's had a tough time. He had to spend the entire afternoon in jail wearing that suit.
 Except for Raj.
 Why do I always have to carry the heavy stuff?
 One more floor, and I'd be the pulled muscle.
 Uh, well, we didn't actually get Chinese food.
 Don't panic, this is better.
 We were on our way to the Chinese restaurant when we thought we saw Adam West, so we followed him.
 Anyway, we followed the guy to this garage sale, and they had the coolest stuff.
 We didn't even get to go through it all. There could be anything in here.
 No. But there is an original final draft Ghostbusters script with actual slime stains! 
 Here's Spock's head with no body. Here's Mr. T's body with no head. Oh, yeah, here's Spock's body with Mr. T's head. I pity the fool who's illogical.
 Okay, bye.
 Ooh, look, an Indiana Jones connect-the-dots.
 What?
 Oh.
 And in the darkness bind them.
 Seedy underbelly?
 He's not saying it's a magic ring. You're not, are you?
 No, it is not yours. We all went in on the box together.
 How is this maritime salvage?
 Guys, it's stolen. It should go back to Peter Jackson. He made the movies, it belongs to him.
 We are not blackmailing Peter J' All right, where's the ring?
 What are you doing?
 Give me that.
 You always get your way.
 Yeah, it's delicious, the sarcasm's a little stale, though. Hey, how about this? Until we figure out what to do with the ring, Penny holds on to it.
 This ring.
 Will you hold on to this for a couple of days?
 It's a prop from a movie, and we're kind of fighting over it.
 How am I looking now?
 What was that?
 That's my girl.
 No.
 We're not giving him two Jet Skis.
 No Jet Skis.
 You know what? I am ending this. Penny didn't want to hold the ring anymore. She gave it to me, I have it. I'm sending it back. Where's the ring?
 Give me that.
 Okay, now, this is ridiculous!
 I'm not letting go, you let go.
 Fine. But can't we go home and start this?
 All right, it starts now.
 And it wasn't when we were driving like this?
 You want to talk about endless patience? Penny made me watch all five seasons of Sex and the City.
 Oh, crap!
 Door. 
 Last one holding the ring decides its fate. I know, it sounds silly.
 Thank you.
 I'm out.
 It's in a FedEx box on its way back to where it came from.
 Peter Jackson's office in New Zealand. It wasn't ours.
 I came in here, you guys were all sleeping. The ring was on the floor. No one was touching it.
 There wasn't ever going to be a winner. There was going to be a selfish, petty person with a ring and three people who used to be his friend. Is that really what you guys want? 'Cause if it is, fine, I don't want anything to do with you. And I don't know what happened in that bathroom, but I am not cleaning it up! 
 NEVER!
 Hey, Sheldon, I was up in the administration office, and I happened to overhear the name of the winner of this year's Chancellor's Award for Science.
 Oh, I'm so glad you asked it like that. You.
 You won.
 Hey, you didn't want a Slurpee at 7-Eleven, you don't get glasses.
 What?
 What, to you, is a large crowd?
 Sheldon, you're being ridiculous.
 Sheldon? Sheldon, are you okay?
 Sit down, we want to talk to you.
 We think we can help you with your stage fright.
 We can help you. We can be your team. Like, uh, Professor Xavier and his X-Men.
 Yeah, we watched it last week. You said you liked it.
 I thought I could try to analyze you and get to the root of your anxiety.
 My mother is a highly regarded psychiatrist, and I've been in therapy ever since she accused me of breast-feeding co-dependently.
 So, Sheldon, how you doing?
 I'm sorry, I'll start again.
 Um, I don't know, maybe.
 How did you know you were a giant if everything was to scale?
 Why don't we just talk?
 Why don't I just start? Sometimes people have trouble accepting accolades if, on a subconscious level, they don't feel they deserve them. Do you think maybe that's what's happening here?
 But it could be part of your problem. Let me give you an example. When I was eight, I won a ribbon at the science fair for my project, 'Do Lima Beans Grow Better to Classical Music.' But my mother pointed out that it was just a rehash of my brother's earlier 'Do Lima Beans Grow Worse to Rock 'n' Roll.' I felt so guilty, I gave the ribbon back.
 Terrible. I worked really hard on that project. I stayed up all night singing the clown's aria from Pagliacci to a lima bean sprout.
 It wasn't my fault. I had never seen my brother's project. And my mother could've told me before instead of at the ceremony in front of everyone.
 Damn right, I'm angry with my mother. For God's sake, I was eight years old. She humiliated me. That's when the bed-wetting started again.
 For what?
 Wait, that's it? I thought we had a whole hour!
 Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. My name is Dr. Leonard Hofstadter, and it is my very great honour to introduce the winner of this year's Chancellor's award for Science and my good friend, Dr. Sheldon Cooper. But before I do, I'd like to share with you a letter from Sheldon's mother, who couldn't be here tonight. Isn't that nice? His mother sent him a letter. She's proud of him. I wonder what that feels like. Dear Shelly. That's what she calls him. Shelly, it's a pet name. You know what my mother's pet name for me is? Leonard. But I digress. Dear Shelly. I am so proud of' 
 Oh, right. Ladies and gentlemen, our guest of honour, Dr. Sheldon Cooper.
 You might want to check YouTube.
 It's already loaded. Just hit play.
 Uh-uh, give it a minute.
 No, no, I'm good. If my P.E. teachers had told me this is what I was training for, I would have tried a lot harder.
 Did you just quote Star Wars?
 Oh, my God. I'm lying in bed with a beautiful woman who can quote Yoda. I love you, Penny.
 You're welcome. I just wanted to put that out there.
 Good. Glad is good.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, probably.
 Good night.
 Seriously? You have nothing better to do than sit around and discuss the possibility of giant ants?
 I honestly don't care.
 What do you want from me? I just don't give a rat's ass.
 Can we please talk about something else? Maybe something vaguely related to life as we know it on this planet?
 No, there was no spat.
 I don't want to talk about it.
 What? No.
 No.
 No.
 I'm walking away from you now.
 Oh, hey.
 You don't have to come if you don't want to.
 Chilli cheese fry?
 Really? You love them?
 No reason. I'm just glad to hear you're comfortable saying you love something.
 Get into what? Why wouldn't you love the chilli cheese fries? They've been in your life a long time. They make you happy. They deserve to know.
 Okay, well, now you've had some time to think about it. So, what do you want to say?
 How can you not be sure?
 No, the place to have the conversation was in bed after I said, I love you, and you said, Thank you, good night.
 I am not pushing anything.
 What? No, it's okay. We don't have to talk 'cause there's nothing to talk about. Everything's good.
 All right, maybe I overreacted. So we're in two different places emotionally. So what? And maybe I'm a little ahead of you. That's fine. You know. In fact, it makes sense, 'cause let's face it, I've been in this relationship two years longer than you.
 Really? I wouldn't know what that's like.
 Yeah, I do.
 Yes, that's what I'm telling you. We are good. We are great.
 Wesley Crusher was Wil Wheaton's character on Star Trek.
 This is fun, huh?
 It's good that we got out and did something physical.
 Gets us out of our heads. You get in your head, you start to overthink, overanalyze, obsess, you worry. That's not what we're doing tonight. Tonight we're just throwing a ball at some pins.
 Mm-hmm, and someday, we don't know when, maybe you'll love me back. Ooh, I'm up.
 Penny, you're up.
 We really need a strike here.
 So just take your time and concentrate.
 I'm not pressuring you.
 Okay, I'm sorry. I'll shut up.
 Fine. Just tell me what to do, and I'll do it.
 No, let her go.
 I'm pretty sure it's already over.
 Hey, where you been?
 No, no, it's fine. I don't care. I'm over it.
 Sheldon, I got you your tangerine chicken. I hope you're hungry.
 Okay.
 I don't know. Why?
 Do you want the last dumpling, Sheldon?
 So, you guys want to do something tonight?
 What about you, Raj?
 I never stopped hanging out with you.
 You know what? I'll just spend the evening alone.
 Since when do you take after-dinner walks?
 Yeah?
 Where you going with this, Raj?
 So, go.
 And you think my presence will help with that?
 I'm not going out tonight, Raj.
 Very much.
 Don't worry. You'll meet a girl someday.
 Yes, you will, and she'll be beautiful, and kind and sexy and funny and everything you ever wanted in a woman.
 I do, and you'll fall hopelessly in love and give her your heart. And she'll take it and grind it into pathetic, little pieces.
 I'm pretty sure Martha Stewart never got naked with a room full of big, fat Japanese guys.
 Hey, where you been?
 For an hour and a half?
 How could you get lost? Your phone has GPS.
 What the hell was that about?
 Oh, we really need to get you a girl.
 Oh, just come in!
 What do you want, Sheldon?
 Tell me why you woke me up or I swear to God I will kill you.
 What do you want?
 I'm in bed!
 Sheldon!
 Okay, when you say seeing Penny, what exactly does that mean?
 Fine. Why did you have dinner with Penny?
 Then why did you have Chinese food with us?
 Is it possible he said Bros before Hos?
 Sheldon, I don't care if you want to be friends with Penny.
 Yes.
 I guess not.
 D-don't be silly. We're neighbours, we're going to run into each other, may as well get used to it.
 You used to it yet?
 Me neither. Oh, Sheldon seemed think that I would be upset about you hanging out with him. But I just want you to know it's fine.
 His mother?
 I was going to do that.
 No, I don't want to do it. You can do it.
 I just took him for shoes.
 Fine. I'll take him for shoes next Saturday.
 You're taking him to Disneyland?
 All right. But let me know if you're going to stuff him with junk food. I don't want to bring home a nice dinner for him and see it go to waste.
 All I'm saying is give me a heads-up.
 And don't let him go on Space Mountain after he eats. He'll say he can handle it, but I promise you'll end up with churro puke on your shoes.
 Yeah, don't let Goofy near him. He'll have nightmares and I'll have to deal with it.
 Wish I knew. He's fine with Pluto.
 It's ten o'clock, where have you been?
 I was going to see that with him.
 And I have food here. You said you were going to call.
 We're not fighting.
 Aren't you going to thank Penny for taking you to Disneyland?
 Want a cup of coffee?
 Come on. It's just a cup of coffee.
 What am I smelling?
 Yeah. Shame he has to wake up.
 Smother Sheldon in his sleep? Wouldn't that be wrong?
 Oh. Sure. Absolutely.
 Here's an idea. I'm just throwing it out there, friends who have sex.
 Kidding. Just a couple of friends goofin' around.
 Yeah, it's just one sneeze. (
 When you say non-related female, you still mean human, right?
 Why didn't you tell me you knew Elizabeth Plimpton? I am a huge fan of hers!
 Okay, fine. Where is she going to sleep?
 Thank you. Why is a world-renowned scientist staying in our apartment instead of a hotel?
 I can't believe he's friends with Elizabeth Plimpton.
 She's here, she's here. How do I look? Do I look smart?
 Oh, I have so many things to tell your biographer.
 Hi-lo. Oops. I started to say hi, and then I switched to hello in the middle. It came out hi-lo. Duh. Uh, it's nice to meet you. I've read both your books and most of your papers. I'm Leonard, I live
 Are you hungry, thirsty? Can I offer you anything?
 Look, it's you.
 Well, who wants to stay in a hotel? With windows that don't open, those crazy card-shaped keys.
 Well, I understand, too.
 Oh, 
 Uh, sleep night. I mean, obviously, good night. I started to say sleep tight, then I changed my mind in the middle. I swear to God, I'm smart.
 Yes?
 Is everything all right?
 Me neither. Oh, look what I'm reading. It's you.
 I did, but it's been a while, and I wanted to sound smart over breakfast.
 Oh, good. Wasn't sure it was coming across.
 Uh, six.
 Sure.
 Really? Uh, sure doesn't read that way.
 Wow. You really make science come alive.
 Morning, Sheldon.
 How do you take your coffee?
 Okeydoke.
 Something his mother taught him.
 Oh, yeah, sure, let me just put this in a travel mug.
 Okay, well, I guess I should get dressed so I can take everyone to work. You and Sheldon and Sheldon's friend, Dr. Plimpton, who you just met. It'll be fun. Like a clown car.
 Hmm? Yeah? What? Huh?
 What, uh, you and me? Yeah, we did. Not too long ago. How are you doing with it?
 I, um, I don't follow.
 Well, now'
 Well'
 Come on. It wasn't my fault.
 Penny, I can still drive you.
 I didn't betray Penny.
 How am I betraying you?
 Yeah, I guess I did.
 You still have a cold?
 Are you having trouble sleeping? 'Cause, boy, I was up all night.
 No, but I was awake all night.
 No, that's okay. It was something else keeping me up last night. And again this morning. And, I didn't mind. I was up last night. I was up this morning. I didn't mind. Those are your clues.
 No.
 No.
 Okay, I'll give you one more clue. It involved another person.
 Hey, you.
 Boy, I'm kind of tuckered out. How are you feeling, Elizabeth?
 Sure. Black, right?
 Coming right up.
 Hey, who's ready for Halo?
 I don't understand.
 Elizabeth? What's going on?
 Is she suggesting what I think she's suggesting?
 We'll all be naked in front of each other.
 I thought we had something special.
 Hey.
 Thanks. It's really hard to find these in his size. So, listen. I've been meaning to talk to you about the other morning.
 Yeah, I wanted to explain.
 I don't?
 So you're not judging me?
 Nevertheless, I'd like to get one on the record so you can understand why I did what I did.
 She let me.
 Leonard.
 Can I sleep on your couch tonight?
 You heard that, huh?
 So you agree, he's nuts.
 Believe it or not, he was worse when I met him.
 You are so naive. Just like I was seven years ago. 
nard: Excuse me, I'm looking for Sheldon Cooper's apartment.
nard: Yeah.
nard: What?
 That should have been my first clue.
 For all I knew, he was the crazy one. He had this really deranged look.
 Sure, it makes sense now. 
nard: Dr. Cooper?
 In retrospect, that was clue number two.
nard: I'm Leonard Hofstadter. I called you about the apartment. You said'
nard: What?
nard: Uh, radon?
nard: Telling you? Telling you.
nard: Oh, uh, well, that's tricky. Um, well, uh, Original Series over Next Generation, but Picard over Kirk.
nard: I don't understand, their, their existence is conditional?
nard: There's three?
nard: Okay.
nard: What's the difference?
nard: Can you do that?
nard: Uh, yeah, experimental physics.
nard: What is that?
nard: Yes.
nard: A car, yeah.
nard: Well, can't you drive?
nard: Okay, I suppose I could drive you. Well that's a point in my favour, right?
nard: Come on, I just asked.
nard: Uh, I'm gonna go with preserving the knowledge.
nard: Oh, good. I passed the barriers.
nard: Uh, I guess.
nard: When I have to.
nard: I, I'm sorry, uh, in the morning. Around eight.
nard: Fine. I'll take it.
nard: Is this it?
nard: So where do you sleep?
nard: If people don't go in there, and you're people, and' You are people, aren't you? Making a joke.
nard: On occasion.
 No, I didn't just move in. First we had to iron out a few details. 
nard: Does that really need to be in the agreement?
nard: We have a flag?
nard: Okay.
 It was the best apartment I'd seen, the rent was very reasonable and after you've passed the first three barriers you kind of want to take it all the way.
 Okay, how about this? Let me tell you about the first time I brought a girl over. 
nard: Shh. Just pretend we're not here.
nard: I'm sure he'll go away.
nard: What do you want? I didn't say come in!
nard: I didn't even know her 12 hours ago.
nard: But, Joyce, come on.
 Do I get some sympathy now?
 Actually, I couldn't get too mad at him about Joyce Kim.
 Well, I was doing some government research at the time, you know, military, rocket fuel. It's kind of secret.
 As it turns out, she was a North Korean spy. Luckily, Sheldon drove her out before I revealed anything important. Which I'm not saying I would have.
 That was part of it. The other part is what happened with the elevator.
 It was, but one night, Sheldon came home from work' 
nard: Hey, Sheldon. This is Howard and Raj. They work at the university, too.
nard: Yeah, not a good idea.
nard: Oh, well, there were some people on the first floor moving out, and they sold it to me for a hundred dollars. Howard and Raj helped me bring it up.
nard: They're lawn chairs. And there was no place for company.
nard: According to the roommate agreement, I'm entitled to allocate 50% of the cubic footage of the common areas.
nard: I did notify you.
nard: What am I doing in your spam folder?
 I'm getting to it. 
nard: Ooh, it's time for Babylon 5!
nard: Why not?
nard: I like it.
nard: There you go' three against one.
nard: But I said no to that.
nard: We can fix that. Let's leave.
 Hey, do you want me to finish working on your man feet or not?
nard: That your dad?
nard: Oh, man. Is that a two-stage rocket?
nard: Oh, this just might be your lucky day.
 Well, it turns out I had a little rocket fuel in the apartment.
 Mm, Joyce Kim was kind of curious about what I did for a living, and I was going to kind of show it to her. It's not important. The point is, the guys and I went back to the apartment.
 Yeah, we're really close. Uh, uh, we're at the apartment. 
nard: The trick is to mix it into Tovex in order to create a combustible gel that will generate over 8,000 kilonewtons of thrust.
nard: Excuse me, but I've been working on this a long time. Trust me, it'll work.
nard: There's no mistake.
nard: Well, I've adjusted the formula.
nard: Okay, I've had it with you. You might be an expert on theoretical physics and science-fiction programs and where to sit on a freaking couch, but this is applied physics. And when it comes to applied physic' uh-oh.
nard: A bad thing. A very bad thing. Get the door. Get the door! Get the door! Get the door! Get the door!
nard: Oh. Right.
nard: What'd you do that for? I had plenty of time. 
 Not only did Sheldon save my life, he didn't rat me out to the landlord. Or the police. Or Homeland Security.
 So I did something stupid. I'm sure you did stupid things when you were younger. What were you doing seven years ago?
 Hey.
 Oh, uh, clear nail polish. I had a mani-pedi. Men can get those. Anyway, I may owe you an apology.
 I did agree to the thermostat setting, and I shouldn't have tried to change it.
 Okay, I'm sorry.
 So, we're good?
 Never mind. Okay if I watch some TV?
 Okay, we've got power to the laser.
 What for? It's not going to rain.
 Howard, do you want to double-check the equatorial mount on the laser? We need it locked onto the Sea of Tranquility.
 Relax, it's just a dirty sock.
 Sheldon, the world is filled with dirty discarded socks.
 Hey, you know who'd really dig seeing this experiment? Penny.
 I don't know, it's still a little weird since, you know'
 She didn't dump me. We were just in different places in the relationship.
 Screw you guys. I'm gonna go see if she's home.
 We're up on the roof bouncing laser beams off the moon.
 It's pretty cool. We've got a two-meter parabolic reflector and everything. I thought you might want to see it.
 Oh, sorry, I didn't know you were busy. Maybe another time.
 Okay, well, yeah, come on up. So, how'd you two guys meet?
 Your company?
 So, menus.
 Let me explain what we're doing here. Um, in 1969, the astronauts on Apollo 11 positioned reflectors on the surface of the moon, and we're going to shoot a laser off one of them and let the light bounce back into this photomultiplier.
 The laser?
 Uh, that's a great question, Zack.
 Don't worry about the moon. We, we set our laser to stun.
 Now, we'll be able to see the beam when it leaves, but it won't be strong enough when it comes back to be seen by the naked eye.
 Right. Uh yeah, funny. Uh, that device there will measure the photons that return and let us see it on this computer. Raj, get them some glasses.
 2.5 seconds for the light to return. That's the moon! We hit the moon!
 Yeah, but, uh, think about what this represents. The fact that we can do this is the only way of definitively proving that there are man-made objects on the moon, put there by a member of a species that only 60 years before had just invented the airplane.
 No, thanks.
 Have they found a match for you?
 Why not?
 I'll help you.
 Coming!
 Are you drunk?
 How did I ruin him?
 Come on, he wasn't that stupid.
 Okay, yeah, he's stupid.
 How is that my fault?
 Where are we going?
 Why? I mean, okay.
 How many times have I asked you not to do that?
 Where's Penny?
 I wonder why she didn't say good-bye.
 I know. I just thought as an outsider, you might be able to provide a fresh perspective.
 Oh, hey.
 Okay, I'll walk down with you. So, last night was fun, huh?
 Bummer. Anyway, I was thinking tonight maybe we could catch a movie.
 Doesn't have to be tonight. I'm free pretty much always.
 When you say mistake, do you mean a fortunate mistake, like the discovery of penicillin?
 No, it's pretty well imprinted on my brain. Especially the whole rodeo thing.
 So, that's it? Wham, bam, thank you, Leonard?
 How am I supposed to let it go? You used me for sex! Morning, Mrs. Gunderson.
 Great. Maybe she can have sex with him, and then walk out on him the next morning without so much as a how do you do?
 I don't want to talk about it.
 If she can do it, I can do it. If she can do it, I can do it. If she can do it, I can do it. 
 Oh, hi. Hey. Hi, Leslie.
 Uh, I know! It's been a while!
 Right. Right. So how you doing?
 Uh, not bad. You remember when we used to have sex and you said that it didn't mean anything, it was just for fun?
 Uh, do you, uh, want to do that again?
 She didn't dump me. We were just in different places in the relationship.
 Um, anyway, apparently, it's okay to go back to people you're no longer seeing and have recreational sex with them.
 So, what do you say?
 She's not coming back.
 Thirty feet.
 I was a perfectly happy, geeky, little lonely guy, and you ruined me!
 Come on. We're gonna have sex, and it's not gonna mean a thing!
 I'm really starting to think there's a double standard here.
 Alright.
 I don't think that's going to happen, Sheldon.
 So how's work?
 Yeah, we all are.
 His girlfriend.
 Four months.
 Wait a minute' a child? You never see this girl. You just e-mail and text and Twitter. Now you're considering having a baby?
 Still digging the Shamy?
 Yeah?
 What?
 I'd suggest a lubricant, but I have a feeling you fell on some of that as well.
 Okay, let's see.
 Well, then let's un-pause it.
 You do what you want, I'm not touching another man's honey tree.
 How about an acetylene torch?
 Well, then what do you want us to do?
 You have any ideas, Raj?
 Okay, come on. Almost there.
 Excuse me, could you help us out?
 Uh, it's what controls the arm.
 Yeah, yeah, great. Howard, uh, slow down. What do you mean it happened again?
 Whatcha doin' there? Working on a new plan to catch the roadrunner?
 Yes.
 Yes.
 A lot of people are working on that research. So what is all this?
 Interesting. Cause of death for Uncle Carl was KBB. What's KBB?
 How's that?
 I don't think you need to worry about death by badgers being hereditary.
 You can always get a badger and find out.
 That long, huh?
 What's there?
 So, you're upset about missing out on becoming some sort of freakish self-aware robot?
 Tough break. You want eggs?
 What's a dogapus?
 Is somebody working on that?
 Wait a minute. You hate dogs.
 It came to $28.17. Let's say six bucks apiece.
 Thank you.
 Never mind. I got it.
 It's no big deal.
 Hmm? How much you got?
 How can you walk around with no money?
 It's okay, you can owe me.
 Sheldon, six bucks.
 No, no, don't ask.
 What the hell? What's the matter?
 There's no cholera in Pasadena. Just like last summer, when there was no malaria in Pasadena.
 When would you have accidentally eaten chrysanthemum blossoms?
 Have you had your appendix out?
 Let's get you to the hospital.
 No.
 Funny how things work out, isn't it?
 Good night.
 Here's my chicken curry. Howard, your shrimp biryani.
 Palak paneer, that's Penny.
 And for Rajesh Koothrappali, from whose homeland these tasty dishes originate, one large order of chicken McNuggets.
 Uh, 12 bucks.
 Sure.
 Well, okay, with the Indian food, the pizza, the Thai food, the tank of gas, the frozen yogurt and your rent, uh, a little over fourteen hundred dollars.
 Sheldon, are you gonna join us?
 Greetings, whatever the hell you are.
 This is ridiculous. I'm coming to talk to you.
 You're in your bedroom.
 I can hear your voice coming from your bedroom.
 Sheldon, this is ridiculous.
 I am looking at you.
 You cannot exist as a virtual presence. Not here and certainly not at work. Oh, good God.
 At the hands of your roommate?
 That's how I'm going to make it look.
 Fine, but don't expect my help.
 No, it's not.
 I'll be damned.
 Uh-huh.
 Refresh my memory. Why didn't I just put you in the trunk?
 Right.
 I don't want to listen to music, Sheldon.
 Except in Knight Rider, the car isn't a yammering sphincter.
 I was wrong, this is exactly like Knight Rider.
 No.
 That's it. Bye-bye. 
 Whoa!
 I almost died!
 I'm still going to go with you.
 What about it?
 Why? What's the problem?
 No, I think a doorknob has you stymied.
 Why are you introducing yourself?
 I think it is.
 Penny, Steve Wozniak was one of the cofounders of Apple Computer. He and Steve Jobs started it'
 Of course you must.
 What the hell are you guys playing?
 All right. I like a good brainteaser. Give it a whirl.
 Uh, a BLT where the B stands for beaver? I don't know.
 I can figure this out, let's see. Um, well, beavers eat tree bark. The only tree bark I know that humans consume is cinnamon. So, I'll say cinnamon.
 What?
 This is ridiculous. You're just making stuff up.
 You bumped the table and you know it.
 I'm going to my room.
 Did you guys see the paper in The American Physics Journal on supersolids? It's pretty interesting. This guy's working from a hypothesis where'
 What?
 Sure.
 Okay.
 Ah, ah.
 So, this is nice. First time we've all gotten together to eat.
 Okay, that's all I got. Howard, you're up.
 Listen, can I talk to you about your girlfriend?
 Got it.
 Uh-huh. Anyway, I'm not sure she's the best fit for our little, how should we call it, rebel alliance.
 Yeah, not my point.
 Okay, let me just get right to it. Amy is judgmental, sanctimonious and frankly just obnoxious.
 So we already have you for all that.
 No, no, of course not. Just have your relationship someplace else.
 Suffered in silence?
 Really? Silence?
 I think we need to start entertaining the possibility that the Shamy could go on for years.
 I did.
 Well, he pointed out that he kinda, sorta had to put up with you.
 I didn't agree with him.
 I tried, but 
 I assume by never again, you mean never again will you drink all of Penny's beer, then run down to the gas station for a couple of 40s, a box of Slim Jims and the latest issue of Bombay Badonkadonks.
 Oh, no.
 John and Yoko.
 Hey.
 I'm sorry, I'm-I'm still trying to work on the defecating Clark Maxwell, so'
 I gotta tell you guys, I'm a little worried about Sheldon.
 No, I mean since the Shamy hit a reef.
 Uh, went splitsville.
 Turned to boom-boom.
 I think Sheldon really misses Amy.
 He got a cat to keep him company.
 He takes it everywhere, to bed, to the bathroom.
 Yeah.
 Hey. 
 So you decided to get the whole Manhattan Project?
 Zazzles?
 Okay, we need to talk.
 Cats, Sheldon. You're clearly upset about Amy being gone, and you're trying to replace her with a bunch of cats.
 What?
 Okay, yeah, fine.
 Terrific. My-my point is you need to face up to what you're feeling with this breakup.
 Okay, I got it, I got it, she's not your girlfriend. Now listen to me. I know about loneliness. I know about trying to replace someone with other stuff. When I broke up with Penny, I got back into my cello, I built a bunch of model rockets, I got those weightlifting gloves and that five-pound dumbbell.
 She didn't dump me. It was mutual!
 Okay, fine. Live with cats. Be like my Aunt Nancy. She had dozens of them. And do you know what happened after she died? They ate her.
 Hi, Mrs. Cooper. Thanks for coming.
 He's in his bedroom.
 No, she's real.
 No, no, it's not like that. It's, uh, I don't know what it's like. But there is something I should prepare you for.
 Hold on to that thought. 
 Surprise.
 I saw what you did there.
 No, no, no, I can do it.
 Yeah, it's like if Alien and Predator decided to go partners in a Jamba Juice.
 Hang on a second. I could have the fruit platter.
 Does it have melon on it?
 No, I can't eat melon.
 When was the last time you saw her?
 Hey.
 You know, you never told me what happened between you and Bernadette.
 Yeah, I guessed that.
 That covers anything from farting in bed to killing a homeless guy. Oh, my God. You ran over a hobo.
 All right, fine. So you want to get back together with her, but you're too ashamed to face her because of whatever it is you did.
 Okay. Well, how about this? Kidnap Bernadette from the opera wearing a creepy mask so she doesn't know it's you.
 Why can't he have a desk, Sheldon?
 Sheldon.
 Why would you want a glow-in-the-dark ant farm?
 So anyway, Howard asked Penny to talk to Bernadette, and she did, and Bernadette agreed to meet him for a cup of coffee.
 Yeah?
 I don't know. Sometimes your movements are so lifelike, I forget you're not a real boy.
 Oh, congratulations. Have you broken it to the troll yet?
 No. Steve Patterson told me.
 Yeah.
 He's Glissinda the troll.
 So anyway, that's great news about you and Bernadette.
 Ah. Well, I guess for you guys that's like regular golf.
 Yeah, and don't you forget it.
 Oh, God, what's that smell? 
 What are you doing in there?
 Didn't you say you're making hydrogen sulphide gas?
 Isn't that flammable?
 All I'm saying is, if they took all the money they spent trying to make a decent Hulk movie, they could probably just make an actual Hulk.
 Thank you.
 So what's going on with you two?
 Right, right. So you're still just texting and emailing? You don't feel any need to hang out with her, you know, be in the same room?
 Got it.
 No, no. Maybe a little.
 Jealousy? What do I have to be jealous of?
 Oh, right. That.
 I'm not jealous.
 Probably. What's your point?
 Hmm, recently? Not much.
 Um, shut up.
 That sounds lovely.
 Sheldon, I'm just not dating someone right now. I don't need to go to a senior centre.
 Fine. If I don't meet someone soon, you can put me in a home.
 Hey, guys.
 You realize he's just rubbing our noses in the fact that he has a girlfriend, and we don't.
 You have a girlfriend? How could you have a girlfriend? You can't even speak to women.
 What?
 Great. You have a girlfriend, Howard's got a girlfriend, Sheldon's got a girl'
 'who's a friend.
 What about you, Stuart? You have a girlfriend yet?
 Oh. Well, good for you.
 Why don't you just break up with her?
 Why not?
 Because I don't need his girlfriend to set me up with one of her girlfriends. I'm perfectly capable of finding a girl on my own.
 You're saying I couldn't get laid in a women's prison with a handful of pardons.
 No.
 No.
 I don't know. Maybe.
 Thank you.
 What the hell? How long has she been here?
 That was two hours ago.
 No.
 No, I'm not gonna try to pick up a woman in a bar.
 Right.
 Yeah, what?
 Yeah. So?
 Well, you know how you're always saying that Amy is a girl who's your friend, and not your girlfriend?
 You can't say that anymore.
 Look, she obviously wants to take your relationship to the next level.
 Me? Well, how am I supposed to fix it?
 That is insane.
 Okay, good luck.
 Well, have you considered telling her how you feel?
 All right, well, let me see if I can explain your situation using physics. What would you be if you were attached to another object by an inclined plane wrapped helically around an axis?
 There you go.
 The volcano thing? No.
 No, it's just something I threw on.
 Yeah. Turns out, they guard the iPods, but they don't guard the shirts.
 It was going well. I was showing this super hot girl how to boot up in Safe Mode. The manager got suspicious, and, well, long story short, they really do have a little jail in the mall.
 I want to invoke the girlfriend pact, Howard.
 No, I just, I want what you have. You know, I want a woman in my life.
 To be clear, I meant like Bernadette, not your mother.
 Well, I'm off to meet Bernadette's friend. How do I look?
 What are you working on?
 Ah, you're going off the grid.
 The old Unabomber approach. Kudos.
 What if she just comes over?
 You changed the address on the building? What about mail?
 She's been here before.
 What do you want to do?
 Okay, where are you?
 Hi, Amy. Sheldon's not here.
 Thanks again for doing this, Bernadette.
 Hi.
 Uh'
 Yeah. So, Bernadette tells me she knows you from self-defence classes?
 Wow. Wouldn't think there'd be that many.
 Whoa!
 Should be, it's thirty dollars a pound.
 Yep, it is.
 Whoa!
 Or maybe she'll finally succeed in ripping my nuts off. There are still 93 ways she hasn't tried yet. Look, Howard, I appreciate the effort, but this is, like, the worst date of my life.
 I guess the difference is, I have some self-respect.
 It's relatively new. I just know that I'm not gonna spend time with someone I don't like simply to have a girlfriend. I'm okay on my own.
 Look, uh, Joy, it was nice to meet you, but'
 You're asking me out?
 I look forward to it.
 Problem?
 The hope has been that you'd eventually bend to public opinion. So, Priya, what brings you back to LA?
 And your poll numbers just keep dropping.
 I'm going too, I'll show you where it is.
 Yeah. It's good to see you too. Here you go.
 Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa. 
 Hmm, Priya's not back yet? Well, I guess that's not unusual, women, men, the whole sitting, standing deal, so, what are we talking about?
 Did you make it clear that it's two different train cars turned into hot dog stands?
 I guess he just hates fun.
 So, uh, Priya, what are your plans while you're here.
 It's getting pretty late, how come you're still up?
 That's pretty cool.
 You've really got to get out more.
 Yeah, well, 
 Yeah, he does but he got caught up in a computer game and'
 If the past is any indication, no.
 Drop axe.
 Give me a minute. Sheldon,
 Sheldon, you need to work in the morning.
 Well then, bed mister.
 Really? You're going to risk getting sleepy in the middle of your thermodynamic fluctuations seminar? You know what happens when you yawn in public.
 You don't want that, do you?
 Oh, uh, building manager. They have to fix a pipe so the water will be off tomorrow from noon to two.
 No, no, it doesn't matter, we'll be at work.
 Bifurcated uvula, Sheldon!
 No, no, no, no, no. You just need, you just need, you just need to map it out. Come on, I'll help you. So, uh, you stopped at the stream and you turned north three times?
 You're right, you're lost, good luck.
 Huh! Sorry!
 I don't know. When I'm in bed with a girl, it's just, it's my go to response.
 Oh, right, sure. I wish you could stay in LA a while longer.
 You know, I was thinking, there are some great research facilities in India.
 Well, I'm just saying, I don't have any real ties here, so if I were to move to New Delhi we could, you know, go out.
 Well, yes, but, things have changed, you know, you're older, I'm older. Look, no more superhero bedsheets.
 It doesn't?
 I'm not that white. My great-great grandmother was half Cherokee. I know that's not the right kind of Indian but it is something.
 What?
 Oh, uh, yeah, I was trying to see if I could laugh as a woman.
 Air freshener.
 Uh, rash, that's a bad rash.
 Uh, yeah, yeah, that sounds great.
 Okay, he's in the bathroom, let's go.
 Uh, cream.
 Without.
 Fine. With.
 Use your best judgement.
 Sounds great.
 Making pretty good time, huh?
 No.
 Please don't tell anyone I spent the night with Raj's sister.
 No-one's going to ask if I spent the night with Raj's sister.
 Like what?
 Priya and I are both adults. We didn't betray Raj.
 What are you talking about?
 Okay, fine, I betrayed Howard.
 Alright, and Raj.
 You?
 Okay fine, I'm, I'm a horrible human being, I'm the Darth Vader of Pasadena.
 My point is, Priya's gone. And it would be much better if no-one else found out about this.
 Yes.
 You can if you try. Think about it this way, if I were Batman and you were Alfred, you'd keep that secret. Right?
 Because, well, Batman has the secret.
 Like what?
 What.
 Kind of busy here, Sheldon.
 What do you want.
 What alibi?
 Oh, I'm so sure I'm going to regret this, but, who was I with?
 Oh, God.
 Where did you get that?
 An orang-u-tan?
 Sheldon, I don't need an alibi. Nobody's going to ask about last night as long as you just zip your lip. 
 Hey.
 C'mon Raj, how am I supposed to know who she's attracted to. Or was attracted to. Or who she might be attracted to. In the future.
 I didn't see it.
 Uh, I was out.
 Yeah, I, uh, went for a drink.
 To, uh, Lucky Baldwin's.
 Yes.
 As a matter of fact I.. I' I can't' I can't' I can't do it.
 Look, I'm sorry Raj, but the truth is I was with Priya last night.
 Yeah.
 Look, I admit it, I may have crossed a line here, but come on, Raj, your sister is a grown woman. To her, I'm a forbidden piece of white chocolate.
 No, no, no, would it help if I told you that I offered her my heart and she kind of stomped on it.
 Very hard.
 Really?
 Was it out of respect that you didn't tell Raj about the time you dropped his iPhone in a urinal?
 You put moths in my food?
 Well, uh, I can't believe you used Sheldon's toothbrush.
 Okay, I, I, I think it's safe to say that we've all done some things we're not particularly proud of. But come on, we're friends. Friends overlook each other's minor lapses. For the record, Howard, I'm sorry that I broke our pact.
 Hey, you got Snoopy out. Can I have a snowcone?
 These are pretty god, what flavour is this?
 Papaya?
 Guava?
 I give up.
 No, seriously, I think I've finally figured out my problem with women.
 What does that have to do with me and women?
 My problem is, I don't project confidence. So I decided that the next time I meet a woman I think is attractive, rather than holding back and being cautious, I'm going to assume the mantle of self-assurance.
 Hi. I'm Leonard. And you are beautiful. You pop, sparkle and buzz electric. I'm going to pick you up at eight, show you a night you will never forget.
 Congratulations Howard.
 Why not?
 Don't be ridiculous, Raj. You're here legally.
 Fine, Sheldon, tell us about your giant rodents.
 So, when Howard said the FBI would be contacting me, I was expecting Mulder. Glad to see I got Scully.
 Mulder and Scully. X-Files. The truth is out there. Never mind. Uh, so, what would you like to know?
 Yes. Of course, we're in different departments. He's an engineer and I'm an experimental physicist. You know, one of those guys who examines the building blocks of creation and says, Hello, maker of the universe, I see what you did there. Good one.
 Good. It's a good relationship. Of course, most of my relationships are good. Probably because I exude confidence. People are drawn to that, you know? Confidence, not exuding.
 You are beautiful, you know that? You pop, sparkle and buzz electric. I'm going to pick you up at eight, show you a night you will never forget.
 Really?
 Is that, oh, my, I didn't see the ring with my glasses off, so, look at that, I'm starting to exude.
 Want to get that?
 Could you get that?
 Would you please get that?
 What happened?
 And I may have hit on her a little bit.
 I feel awful.
 To tell you the truth, I thought if anyone was going to screw things up for Howard, it'd be Sheldon.
 What are you doing up?
 Really? Maybe sleep has met you before.
 I'm sorry. Why can't you sleep?
 Did something happen today that's bothering you?
 What?
 Because you feel guilty?
 Actually, you don't have insomnia. You're sleeping now.
 You're having a guilt-ridden dream.
 How about that Gorn sitting on the couch?
 Hey.
 94 seconds.
 I can't believe you've never seen Raiders of the Lost Ark.
 When she comes out with Eat, Pray, Run Away From A Giant Boulder, I'll read it.
 Would someone please turn off the Sheldon commentary track?
 Exactly. They say it finally solves the submarine controversy.
 Bet if I could make you understand why this is such a cool thing, we'd still be together.
 Relax, it's five o'clock. The movie doesn't start till midnight.
 Don't worry, Sheldon. We'll be fine.
 Oh. Well, he waited in line for 14 hours, while you napped in a lawn chair, he got in a fight with a Klingon when he stepped out of line to pee and you wouldn't wake up to vouch for him, and worst of all, he saw Star Trek: Nemesis.
 Excellent.
 Thank you, Amy.
 Guys, that's really starting to get old.
 Who's there?
 Hysterical!
 Who's there?
 Hugh who?
 So I guess it's a good thing we stopped for dinner.
 Oh, I hope they let us in soon. I'm tired of running to the gas station to use the bathroom. The guy makes me buy a Gatorade every time. It's a vicious circle.
 What's a stadium pal?
 Nice going, Raj, just got him down for his nap.
 It's fine, it's fine. Go back to sleep.
 Howard, you talk to him. Howard? You're peeing, aren't you?
 Calm down, Sheldon.
 Had to wake him up from his nap, didn't you?
 Why do you read his Twitter feed? You know it's only going to upset you.
 We really want to see this. Is there anything you can do?
 Short Round?
 Yeah, I know who it is, but why is it me?
 Sheldon? Sheldon?
 What is that?
 Sheldon, this is crazy.
 Listen to me. You are over-tired. You're not thinking right. Put the movie back before we get into trouble.
 Yeah.
 He's not braver than whoever uses the bathroom after The Thing?
 I'll go get Penny while that guy spits on our food.
 Oh, um, is Penny here?
 Yeah.
 Okay, I think a bit of context here might help.
 Oh, good. Context.
 That was odd.
 You'll never guess what just happened.
 No.
 Penny kissed me.
 A big kiss. On the mouth.
 She introduced me to her father, kissed me and then shut the door in my face.
 You think?
 Penny kissing me is not insane. She used to kiss me all the time.
 I'm just saying, it felt like it may have meant something.
 Why do I bother talking to you people?
 Yeah, sure.
 What, uh, the kissing and everything? Nah, women do that to me all the time.
 What? Why?
 What kind of guys did you used to go out with?
 Really? How, how'd we manage that?
 Well, did you apologize? Did you have to woo me?
 Yeah, no, I don't think so.
 I'm just saying, if we fake got back together, that's totally not how it fake happened.
 Hold on, you actually want me to deceive your father with some sort of sham play acting and kissing? Cause I'm good with that.
 See? He doesn't mind.
 Uh, I do, I have to work. But I'm gonna blow that off to spend the evening with my sweetie and her father, 'cause, you know, just the kind of boyfriend I am.
 Come here, you.
 Thanks for the steak, Wyatt.
 A lot of people are doing that.
 Thanks, Wyatt. I'm a keeper.
 Maybe I could go in a little late.
 Don't I know it.
 Good night, Wyatt. Oh, good night, honey.
 I love you.
 Coming. Hey, lovebug.
 Mm, dreamily doodling Mrs. Leonard Hofstadter in a notebook?
 You got to admit, I am, I'm delightful.
 It's not difficult for me. I'm having fun.
 What do you want me to do? You started this. Do you want to go over and tell him we're broken up?
 Well, then, what do you want?
 Don't you think that's something you should have figured out before you stomped over here?
 I have a list. FYI, overuse of the phrase, oh, my god, is number 12.
 Ba-ba-ba-ba. Are you sure you want to include him in this?
 Fines?
 Oh, b-be careful. Give him some line. Okay, now reel him in.
 Yeah. They do that when you set it on easy.
 Hey, baby. I love you! Mwuh, mwuh, mwuh, mwuh, mwuh.
 Oh, hey. There's been something I've been meaning to tell you.
 Just for the record, I did not want to be a part of this.
 No hurry.
 What?
 Gee, I don't know if it's in the cards, sir.
 I'll give it a shot.
 Excuse me?
 Oh, the reverse psychology thing. I see. That's very clever.
 I'll friend you on Facebook.
 Yeah, well, not necessary. We broke up again.
 Oh, how'd it go last night?
 Really? You waited months for time with that telescope. What happened?
 Hey.
 You get to play with Raj's big telescope last night?
 It is. You just kind of put a damper on things when you said, the next person I see talking with food in their mouth will be put to death.
 Great.
 No.
 We get it. 73 is the Chuck Norris of numbers.
 Remember when you were wondering why the girls didn't want to eat with us tonight?
 No. What happened?
 12 years after high school, and I'm still at the nerd table.
 Really? This is going to decide who's the hero and who's the sidekick?
 Every idea is better than this idea.
 Suppose there are worse ways to spend a Friday night. None come to mind.
 Fellas. It's been 30 minutes. Nobody's touched each other.
 Lesser Warlord of Ka'a.
 Infinite Sheldon?
 Do you understand why people don't want to play with you?
 Hey.
 Hey.
 Oh, thanks.
 That's an atom.
 So, you and Zack again, huh?
 They might be smarter than some people.
 A dolphin might.
 You think Penny's right? Were we bullying Zack?
 That happened to you?
 I don't know, I think we might owe the guy an apology.
 Why me?
 What would I even say?
 I got a better idea. We're all responsible. I say we all go. Come on, who's with me? Free comic books to anyone who comes with me. I might get punched. You really want to miss that?
 Yeah, we came to talk to Zack. Hey, Zack.
 Listen, uh, the stuff we were saying before, we were just kidding around.
 Come on, that's what we do. We give each other a hard time. Hey, Sheldon, you look like a praying mantis.
 See?
 Uh, we're on our way to the comic book store.
 Don't.
 Uh, no. Oh, this is Zack. He's a friend of ours. Zack, this is Stuart. He owns the store.
 Hey, I got new boots this year. Guaranteed to add three inches.
 Zack?
 You can't replace me with Zack.
 Fine, if Zack's going to be Superman, I want to be Green Lantern.
 You can be Aquaman.
 What are you doing?
 You're jogging.
 If it makes you feel any better, when I was dating Penny, she used to flip out on me all the time.
 She didn't tell you?
 Who else would it be?
 What makes you think I can convince her?
 Okay, let me see if I understand this. You want me to convince my ex-girlfriend to go to a costume party with her new boyfriend just so we can win a stupid prize?
 It's Leonard.
 Hey.
 Okay, listen. You don't have to wear the wig. At this party, we're gonna win first prize just by showing up with a girl.
 Did I do something? I mean, I tried to be friends with Zack, like you said, which believe me, was difficult, given how you and me used to be, you know, you and me, and now you and him are you and him.
 Then what are you?
 Not as pathetic as dressing up like this and going to a comic book store on New Year's Eve.
 Green Lantern.
 There's a big difference. Arrow. Lantern.
 What about me?
 Um, I guarantee you'll be the prettiest girl there.
 You're being a bully.
 What should we do?
 Look, I know our winter thermostat setting is 72 degrees, but I'm a little warm, so I'm going to turn it down.
 I had a great idea. You know how we're always having to stop and solve differential equations, like when you're doing Fourier analysis, or using the Schrodinger equation?
 I was thinking, we could write a little app that would use handwriting recognition, and then run it through a symbolic evaluation engine. You just use your smartphone, take a picture of the equation and bam!
 Can you say that and not make it sound like I'm a cat who learned how to use the toilet?
 Oh, yay for me. What about you guys? I can't promise anything, but people do make money off stuff like this.
 I was thinking we could work on this at night, and then maybe in a couple of weeks, we'll have ourselves an app to sell.
 Yeah.
 I checked the App Store. No one is doing handwriting-recognition differential equation solving.
 What?
 She's not going to steal our idea.
 We're gonna write an application'
 It's not boring at all. You see, in higher order mathematics, there are certain sets of equations that'
 Satisfied?
 That is ridiculous.
 Okay, we need to stop for a minute.
 Sheldon, you're not in charge. It's my idea. I'm in charge.
 Well, yes, and you're listed as Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer.
 Okay. You need to get clear on this right now. I am in charge of this project.
 Thank you. I thought we might start by talking about the user interface.
 So this button here will allow you to scan a new equation, but over here, you can press this, and just substitute new values for the coefficients.
 What?
 It's not a joke. It's the real design.
 Sheldon, I think this will work. Let's just try it my way.
 Are you done?
 We're not doing names now. Howard?
 No.
 That's just Sheldon backwards.
 We're not wasting time with names right now.
 No.
 No.
 Oh Sheldon, stop it.
 That's enough, Sheldon.
 Okay, that's it, you're fired.
 Because you're impossible to work with.
 What are you doing?
 But I fired you.
 No, you are now nothing. You have no connection to this project whatsoever.
 I don't want it better. I want it my way.
 What the hell are bus pants?
 Look, I'm still happy to drive you to work. Nothing's changed in that regard. We're still roommates, we're still friends.
 You know what? Go put on your bus pants.
 Hold on. That's it!
 We're actually scanning equations and getting good results.
 Howard, did you solve the install time problem yet?
 What are you doing?!
 No. I mean, what are you doing with a theremin?
 Sheldon! We're working here!
 No, that was completely called for. We need quiet.
 Well, seeing as your project is to sabotage my project, yes.
 I'm telling you, the Lenwoloppali Differential Equation Scanner meets a real need. We've got a hit.
 What's he doing in your apartment?
 Why do you regret, uh, never mind, stupid question.
 We're not playing. This is real work.
 Then I guess we would let him back on the app team, and while we're doing that, you could take an aerial tour of L.A. on your flying pig.
 Okay, now that you're back on the team, let's get you caught up.
 Thank you. So as you can see, not only can you store your favourite equations, but you can forward them to your friends or post them on Facebook right from the app.
 Thanks.
 It's an annual science conference. We've all been invited to speak.
 I think her weekend just opened up.
 Pretty much. Except we keep our shirts on in the sauna.
 Don't worry. Just sit next to me during the quiz, and you can copy my answers.
 They're bigger than mine.
 I can vouch for that.
 Not you, him.
 Although yours was an eye-opener.
 Are you an element in the actinoid series?
 It was a late-night vote. We were all exhausted, and he was threatening to filibuster. It's not technically Road Trip God, it's Travel Supervisor.
 Shh-shh-shh-shh. Sheldon's asleep. What's going on?
 What?
 Uh, sure.
 So, how do you wanna do this?
 Yeah, it is a little like getting into Dracula's coffin.
 Okay, when you say make the best of it.
 Right. So we'll just call the middle here the Neutral Zone.
 Star Trek. You know, the Neutral Zone between the Federation and the Romulan Empire.
 Of course, sometimes the Federation and the Romulans would enter the Neutral Zone to negotiate a temporary truce.
 Got it, got it. We can do all kinds of stuff from the waist up, you know?
 Good night.
 No.
 No.
 Sure, no problem.
 True dat.
 I've gotten a lot more street since we broke up.
 No. No, I understand. I got too intense, you had to back off.
 I've gotten a lot better at that, you know. I've dated four different women since we broke up and I didn't tell any of them that I loved them and wanted to have their babies.
 Okay, good night.
 Penny's here. 
 I'd like to kick your little brown ass.
 Oh, I don't know. Maybe when you walk into a hotel room and you see a guy getting back together with his girlfriend, you should consider doing something other than crawling into the adjoining bed.
 No!
 Sure.
 No. Why do you ask?
 I found another tweet from a student at Sheldon's lecture. Dr. Cooper has taken a relatively boring subject and managed to make it completely insufferable. Plus, he looks like a giant insect.
 Wow. How do you get an entire lecture hall to flip you off at the same time?
 Oh, Sheldon changed the password. It's now Penny is a freeloader. No spaces.
 Sheldon gave a lecture at the university tonight. We're reading the reviews.
 Read this woman's tweet.
 Yeah.
 In a word, triumphant.
 Really? Triumphant?
 I don't know, I kind of promised Howard.
 Oh, uh, from the context, we think it means kill me now.
 Yeah, it's weird. Even though he didn't want to give the lecture in the first place, being rejected by those students really hit him hard.
 We might be starting to zero in on your problem.
 I'm still not adjusted to how the SyFy channel spells their name now. S-Y-F-Y. That's siffy.
 Hang on. Hang on. Uh-huh. Okay, thank you. Howard was on his scooter, and got hit by a truck. He's in critical condition.
 Have you seen him?
 It'll be okay. It'll be okay.
 S-Y-F-Y. Sy-fee.
 I guess it depends on the zombies, Raj. Are we talking slow zombies, fast zombies? Like, in 28 Days, if those zombies didn't eat, they starved.
 Oh, Dr. Siebert, twelve o'clock.
 Are you sure this is right?
 Oh. We should get going.
 Really? What do we tell Siebert?
 Thanks.
 More than this?
 He's tearing the mask off nature to look at the face of God.
 Uh.. b.. d.. uh.. uh..
 Coffee maker?
 On the bright side, I don't think President Siebert will be making us go to any more fund-raisers.
 Face it, Raj, we crashed and burned tonight.
 Mrs. Latham, the first machine I turn on in the morning is the helium-neon laser, 'cause it needs to warm up.
 You're kidding. That was good for you? 'Cause I was sweating through my T-shirt.
 Why?
 Hello, Mrs. Latham. Yes, I live with him. I don't, I, I really don't know why. Tonight? Sure, that'd be great. Okay, I'll, I'll see you then. Bye. She wants to have dinner and talk about my research.
 Well, wherever we're going, she's sending a car to pick me up.
 What?
 Excuse me, but you are not the only distinguished scientist in this apartment. I've been published in peer-reviewed journals, I received a Dissertation of the Year award for experimental particle physics.
 That was a great meal.
 The only time I eat this well is when my mom's in town and she takes me out to dinner.
 You kind of remind me of her. She enjoys making people uncomfortable, too.
 No kidding.
 Yeah, um, so, hey, speaking of money, how are you feeling about helping the physics department get a cryogenic centrifugal pump and molecular sieve?
 Oh, good, good.
 Terrific. Great. What level is that? 
 Swell. I need a drink. Do we have any alcohol?
 Um, I'm not sure.
 Well, Mrs. Latham said she was seriously considering donating money so we could get a cryogenic centrifugal pump.
 Then she stuck her tongue down my throat.
 She hit on me.
 I think so.
 I was able to get out of there before anything else happened, but she wants to see me again tomorrow night.
 What?
 Well, n-no, hold on a second, I'm not going to sleep with her.
 Well, forget it! It's not gonna happen.
 I repeat, not gonna happen.
 I won't be too late. I'm just gonna make a final pitch for the funding and then say good night.
 What's this?
 I am not going to have sex with her.
 Are you insane? I'm not going to prostitute myself just so we can get some new equipment.
 Good night, Sheldon.
 Hey. Hi.
 I'm very hungry. For food, right?
 No, that's okay.
 Really?
 Oh. Then what was last night about?
 Oh.
 Thank you.
 Oh, don't say that. You're a very attractive woman.
 No, it's true.
 I'm sure I would. But why, why, exactly?
 I hadn't really given it much thought.
 Do you mean?
 Oh, what the hell.
 What?
 Oh, nothing's going on. Excuse me.
 Yeah.
 No, I didn't do it for the money.
 No, I mean, I, I, I got the money first.
 Uh, I'm gonna go lie down.
 I didn't do it for the money!
 Hey, what's up?
 Uh, sure. Why?
 Still arguing over which CSI is the best?
 Howard's gonna sleep here tonight. He had a fight with his mother.
 No.
 Wait, wait. What?
 Priya's in town?
 Hold on. When did Priya get here?
 Yeah, that's a real pickle. Bye.
 It's Leonard.
 I just want to talk to her.
 What are you doing here?
 Why didn't you call?
 I know. Last time I came on too strong. Can we talk in private?
 The word is forbade.
 Penny, this is Raj's sister, Priya.
 Really?
 I thought maybe after we eat, we could see an early movie.
 I love the way you say, I'd love that.
 My sister's 38 and married.
 Oh, come on. It's not boring at all. She's currently helping set up a secondary derivative market which would allow overseas car firms to hedge their investments against potential advancements in battery technology. Hmm?
 Oh, wow. I love Taming of the Shrew. I did a paper on it in high school. Who knows not where a wasp does wear his sting? In his tail.
 Whose tongue?
 What, with my tongue in your tail?
 Okay, I'm out of here.
 I'm having dinner with Priya at Raj's. I think Howard's going to be there. You want to join us?
 Can't we make a one-time exception for tonight?
 Just come with me to Raj's.
 It's not a party. It's the same group of people who hang out here, hanging out over there.
 How come it's not a party when we do it here?
 I don't know what to tell you, Sheldon. I'm going to see Priya. Everyone's over there. You coming or not?
 I guess you're right. See you later.
 Come with me to Raj's and eat there.
 I really doubt that's what he'll serve.
 What do you want to do? You want to come with me, or do you want to sit here alone?
 What?
 So don't watch TV. Read a book.
 Ugh!
 Right.
 Oh, sounds great.
 Hi.
 Just sit here.
 What you doing?
 You do realize everyone's eating at Raj's again tonight?
 You're having people over?
 Really? LeVar Burton's coming here?
 Okay, well, tell him I loved him on Star Trek.
 Of course. Good night.
 Yeah?
 Okay.
 It certainly is.
 I am leaving.
 Good-bye, Sheldon.
 Of course I'll be back. I live here!
 This is delicious. Where'd you learn to make chili?
 I hope she wasn't anything like my flatmate from Texas.
 Did you know that, per our roommate agreement, I have to wash my feet before I get in the shower? And not in the sink. We each have special buckets.
 Bam. Right in the nose. Made me proud to own a PC.
 Hear, hear.
 Oh, the ancient Romans put spiced toast in their punch bowls.
 He kind of does.
 Aw, hell, I miss him.
 He actually got pretty good. He made us all matching serapes.
 Long before the cats. I think it was around the time he tried to declare our apartment a sovereign nation. I still have some of the currency.
 Hey. I thought you were with your new buddies.
 Morning.
 Mm-hmm. Great. Hey, can I ask you something?
 Last night, me wanting to try that stuff out of the Kama Sutra, was that fun for you or kinda racially insensitive?
 Hey, if you can find a book called weird sex with white boys, I'd be okay with that.
 I tried in the seventh grade. I could never get used to them.
 Yeah, if I had contacts I would have been the coolest debate club president ever to be stuffed into his own cello case.
 Th-th-th-that's okay. I can infer from context.
 Sorry! Oop!
 Sorry! Pardon me! Oh, I'm so sorry! My fault! Check it out. I just got contacts.
 Hey, guys, what do you think? Priya took me clothes shopping.
 Thank you.
 Yeah, good. New contacts. I should have done this years ago.
 Just two. Everyday and dress.
 Oh, my god, you're breaking up with me! Why would you take me out shopping and then break up with me? That is so cruel.
 Oh, okay. So, what's up?
 I know. I usually never see my ex-girlfriends, unless their hard drives crash.
 Um, not great, I guess. But Penny and I are just friends.
 No, no-no-no, I'm ready! I gave up the gift of sight for you. If that's not moving on, what is?
 Oh. Okay.
 No, no, I'm confident. It's not like I'm unfamiliar with the get lost conversation. Although, this will be the first time I'll be the one saying it.
 Sure. Oh, god, you smell so good. Of course, that could just be my other senses getting stronger. Hypothetically, if I had access To a Lieutenant Uhura uniform, would you wear it?
 I'm sorry. I'm, never mind.
 Oh, hi.
 One of them's upstairs. The other one sort of slipped back into my skull.
 Yeah.
 No?
 Yeah.
 Yeah, me, too.
 Yeah, bitches are the worst.
 Uh, Penny, there's something I have to tell you.
 Okay, uh, how do I put this? Um, are you familiar with Darwin's observation of the finches in the Galapagos Islands?
 No.
 All right, well, anyway, Darwin observed that when two groups of finches competed over the same food source, eventually one of them would evolve a different beak shape so they could feed on something else.
 So what do you think we can learn from that behaviour that we can apply to our own lives?
 Sure, that has birds in it.
 I'm sorry, but I'm gonna count that.
 Yeah. The doctor didn't want me to rub my eye during the night. It was either this or one of those giant neck cones.
 Oh, yes. Indeed, I did.
 She completely understood everything I said. Case closed.
 Maybe, but that's not my problem. She's not my girlfriend, you are.
 Is the autumn cruel for letting the flowers die, or is that just nature's way?
 What?
 I am not opening that door, Sheldon.
 Yep.
 
 No.
 Whatcha doin'?
 What's up with the infrared cameras?
 Holy crap, are you connected to the Oak Ridge National Laboratory?
 Sheldon, that computer is used for National defence. Hacking into it is a Federal crime.
 Okay, I'm leaving before the black helicopters get here.
 Is it racist that I took you to an Indian restaurant?
 Or as you probably call it back home, food.
 No, no, I do. It's just I knew I was having curry tonight and I only want one part of my body to burn at a time.
 Does that mean you'd relocate here permanently?
Oh, 'I love it. Oh, that's great!
 Small world.
 Of course, I did. I talked and talked and talked.
 Bye.
 It is pretty spicy.
 Oh, okay, it's not important. It can wait.
 Uh, I kind of have a problem I was hoping you could help me with.
 Move out.
 Well, uh, not far. Hey, if you ever wanna start a family, La Ca'ada has some great schools.
 Why does it have to be about anything? Can't a fella ask his buddy to relocate, no questions asked?
 Yes. There, I said it.
 And she likes you.
 Not really, no.
 Well, now, hold on. What kind of distance are we talking about? Because we are neighbours. I mean, I can hear the toilet flush in your apartment.
 I don't listen for it, but it's nice to know everything's okay with your plumbing. The building's plumbing.
 Well, now hold on, how about this? How about we still hang out, but on the down-low?
 No. I actually felt kinda silly just saying on the down-low.
 Penny, wait. 
 What's going on?
 Yeah, Leonard Hofstadter. What happened?
 Oh, my God, what did they get?
 You called the police because someone hacked your World of Warcraft account?
 Oh, no, not Glenn?
 Thank you, officer.
 Not the kind with access to drugs.
 Thank you, officer.
 I'm really sorry, Sheldon.
 I don't know.
 I'm on it. 
 Hey, Penny. We're kind of in the middle of a crisis, here.
 Okay, what exactly are we looking for?
 Uh, we are. In the meantime, you're welcome to whip up a quick character and join us.
 Well, you have to put in a credit card number, but it's fun.
 We got him. We're almost done.
 Why don't we play this smart? Try a little good goblin, bad goblin.
 That's not where it was going.
 Oh, wait. Hang on. Are you upset?
 Good, good. I'll tell you what happens.
 Did your sister say anything when you got home last night?
 Come on, help me out. Am I in trouble?
 That's a relief.
 Really?
 I'll bet he's some loser who lives with his parents.
 Hold on, you're thinking of going there?
 Fine. You walk up to the house, knock on the door and demand your stuff back. What if he says no?
 No one's getting tortured.
 Oh, geez, I don't know if I can ditch Priya two nights in a row.
 Aw, screw it. I'm in.
 That's incredible.
 Hit the' Hey, sweetie. Yeah, I'm sorry. I'm gonna be working late. I, I, I miss you, too. Okay, sure, I'll call you when I get home. Okay, bye-bye.
 Cover for me.
 I can't believe we're going all the way to San Diego to confront this guy.
 Totally.
 Sheldon, let's go.
 Okay, let's get clear on something. We're just going to tell this guy to transfer all of your stuff back into your account and then be on our way. No one's bat'lething anybody.
 No.
 Come on.
 You're welcome to try, but the other day, it took you 15 minutes to get into a FedEx box. 
 Uh, Sheldon?
 Oh-oh.
 Something's wrong, I'm not getting any gas. Anybody know anything about internal combustion engines?
 Does anybody know how to fix an internal combustion engine?
 Well, we'd better call somebody to come pick us up.
 Uh, I kind of told her I was working.
 Yeah, she doesn't really understand the whole Warcraft adventure-role-playing thing.
 What are you doing?
 Nice shot.
 Perfect.
 Shooting at a target?
 An arrow.
 I'm not going to do that, Sheldon.
 Really? How could you tell?
 You don't say?
 So, what's the gossip?
 Fine, don't tell me.
 Oh. That's too bad. I wonder what happened.
 Boy, you sure get your money's worth out of these games.
 ' Priya, can I come in?
 Oh, God.
 It's okay. You didn't know. I'll take care of it.
 Sheldon doesn't allow flossing that close to the mirror.
 It's a splatter thing. There's a little piece of tape on the floor you're supposed to stand behind.
 I know. Just do it. There's a big inspection coming up, and I don't want to lose my TV privileges.
 Mm, I don't know. I get a lawyer, he gets a lawyer, it's just easier to stand behind the tape.
 Yeah! Dodgers are baseball, right?
 Mm, it's complicated, but as I remember it, the essentials are, get chosen last, get hit by the ball, cry, go home.
 Well, it might not be a great idea to invite those two.
 Don't tell anybody I told you, but I heard she might be breaking up with him.
 Really? Who?
 What? You're kidding!
 Wow, that's hard to believe.
 Oh, that one doesn't apply to you. You sit.
 Hey!
 Not too bad. Did you hear about Howard and Bernadette?
 I heard about it from Sheldon. He got it from Amy.
 Do you think a sexually ambivalent Indian astrophysicist with selective mutism and alcohol issues is better than a hundred-pound Jewish guy who lives with his mom?
 I didn't say Raj. Who said Raj?
 No.
 I can't say.
 Well, The point is, if this got out, it would destroy Howard and Raj's friendship.
 You're the one who told Amy in the first place.
 Oh, yeah? What about it?
 Lucky bastard.
 Whatever it is, we're here for you. You can tell us anything.
 Marry you?
 Oh, I'd wait.
 Man, he's going to be blindsided.
 Yeah, Raj, why?
 Hey.
 Hope you're hungry.
 Will Amy be joining us for dinner?
 Good, good. Everything okay between you two?
 No reason. I was just talking to Raj, and he mentioned what a lovely glow she has these days.
 No. That's not what he meant.
 Yeah, you do. You dog, you.
 Pass the soy sauce.
 Oh, hold on, Howard. There's lots of better times.
 Congratulations!
 That's great.
 You're pregnant?
 I can't hear you, I'm in the shower.
 What?
 I can't hear you, I'm in the shower.
 What kind of emergency?
 You might not want to do that.
 Sheldon, I'm not alone in here.
 We were in here first, you can't be in here.
 Yeah, fine.
 Oh. Cool. I've got a lawyer. And I've seen her naked.
 Top of her class, Cambridge University. Licensed to practice law in three countries. And your face.
 Schooled!
 Superceded!
 No offence, but shower sex with you is now the second best thing that's happened today.
 I'd like to refer that to my attorney.
 Not as much as you.
 I got you the lamb kabob.
 Morning, Sheldon.
 Why would I want to do that?
 Uh, Captain Kirk activated the self-destruct sequence and threatened to blow up the Enterpriseand kill them both unless he gave in?
 What are you gonna do, Sheldon, blow up the apartment?
 What's the big deal?
 They're gonna find out about me eventually, right?
 Are you ashamed of me?
 Then why can't we tell your parents?
 No, he's bluffing.
 It's blackmail!
 This is ridiculous. 
 Really?
 Okay, I'll sign it!
 Okay, see you later.
 That is good news. Bye.
 That, that's brilliant.
 Okay, now I have to ask. What do they do?
 All right.
 Elegant.
 Okay, well, I look forward to playing with you.
 And what?
 Excuse me, but Einstein had a pretty busy sex life.
 Got it. Bye.
 You okay?
 Very pretty.
 Hadn't really thought about it.
 Uh, sure. Very' prominent.
 Sorry.
 Yeah. How did you know?
 Hi. Hey, Raj, will you be joining us for dinner?
 Really? In front of your sister?
 You're kidding. 3-D?
 Wonder why she didn't tell me.
 No.
 Well, it's not as much surprised as, uh, uh, you know, uh. th-th-th-the other thing.
 Well, you know, if you, if, if, if you, uh, I don't, oh, what's the word I'm looking for?
 Thank you. Befuddled. The word I was looking for was befuddled.
 I still can't get over the fact that she got a big movie part. Not that I care what my ex-girlfriend's up to, 'cause I don't.
 I thought the movie was about 18th-century Vienna?
 Thanks, yeah.
 Gals? Who are you, Fred Flintstone?
 I think the word you're looking for is befuddled.
 Hang on. When is my pawn allowed to use the golf cart?
 Oh, oh, Beekeeper to King 12. I capture your Pope and release the swarm. Checkmate on Sheldon.
 Uh, that's my water.
 My water. You're drinking it.
 Yes. It's my water.
 Here we go.
 That's actually my napkin.
 What did your mother say when you told her you were getting married?
 You all right?
 Water nymph.
 What's going on?
 Have you met Bernadette's parents?
 That's not your water.
 Howard and his mother are at the hospital. Come on, we gotta go.
 I don't know, I just got a text. Come on, hurry.
 Sheldon, let's go!
 Right, fine. I'll tell Howard you didn't come because you're more concerned about your own well-being than his.
 So, how is she?
 Go sit over there.
 Is there a history of heart disease in your family?
 I'm fine. That's nice that they're getting along.
 What are you talking about?
 I don't care. I don't have anything to hide.
 No, I do not. You are a mean little man.
 There are a couple of things I did with Penny that might be a little silly, but'
 Every once in a while, before we'd go to bed, I'd put on a little show for her.
 Well, you know, the way I took my clothes off.
 I'd look pretty stupid if there was no music.
 I wasn't swinging around a pole.
 There was one time I put body glitter on.
 No, she wouldn't.
 You really are a mean little man.
 Hey, what took you guys so long?
 That's nice. What about?
 That's funny.
 It doesn't matter. I'm the king of foreplay.
 Hell Hounds.
 Sure
 Oh, no, no, no, he doesn't.
 Well, you have milk in the taters, milk in the gravy, parmesan crust. Your lactose-intolerant boyfriend will turn into a gas-filled Macy's Day balloon.
 So, no, on the Shepherd's Pie. Can we move on?
 Sea bass. I'll have the sea bass.
 Kill me.
 So, what's your news, Bernadette?
 So, Howard, tell us, how's it feel knowing that when you two get married, you'll be referred to as Mr. and Dr. Wolowitz?
 Bernadette, that's great. Howard, do you make a buttload?
 Hey, if I roll down the windows in the car, everything's peachy. If you do it, you're still not a doctor.
 What are you doing here?
 In my bed?
 Oh, you heard?
 Sorry. Does Sheldon know you're sleeping in here?
 Oh, yeah. Mouth-to-Mouth Mona. You know, she used to date Howard?
 We tried. She doesn't get along with Sheldon.
 Okay, well, how about this. Until Priya gets her own place, you stay here and I'll stay at your apartment.
 You? Sure. Bring as many as you want.
 Just not against their will.
 Do you really think you should be eating that cake?
 If you're gonna be a trophy husband for a rich wife, you might want to watch your waistline.
 Until you have kids.
 There's a reciprocity clause. You get to pull the plug on him, too.
 Bring a ball or a Frisbee, you know, something he can chase.
 No backsies.
 Mmm. Mmm.
 Sorry.
 Oh, come on! Why don't we just tell them that we're dating?
 When is the time?
 Fine.
 You're moving back to India?
 When were you going to tell me about this?
 She's lying because she doesn't want you to know we're dating.
 Well, what difference does it make? If you're moving back to India, we're obviously breaking up.
 So. Hot in India?
 Uh. That is a beautiful tapestry.
 What?
 I live here.
 Priya's going back to India.
 Yes.
 What's going on?
 What are you grinding about?
 Just let it go, Sheldon.
 They slept together, Sherlock.
 She lied.
 Hey.
 No, I'm fine with it.
 What the hell is wrong with you?
 Please. Sheldon would have been before you, and he might not even have genitals.
 Raj, come on. You fall in love with any girl who smiles at you. A month ago, you were writing poems about his fiancee.
 Oh, Bernadette, please play my clarinet.
 Do we really have to wear this camouflage crap to play paintball?
 I'm not in the mood, Sheldon.
 I don't want to talk to Amy.
 You called my mother?
 What's going on? What do you want?
 That's so nice.
 Well, uh, okay, um, I don't want to get back together with Penny. We tried it, it was crazy, it didn't work, but I can't deal with the fact that she slept with my friend Raj. And then I find out that Raj's sister Priya, who I've been going out with for eight months, is moving back to India. So I'm just completely confused and alone.
 Got any advice?
 Excuse me. You're a world-renowned expert in parenting and child development, and all you've got is buck up?
 Thanks, Mother. I feel much better.
 Hang on, Sheldon. How could you not tell me your sister was moving back to India?
 You know what, guys, I'm not in the mood for paintball. What do you say we just bag it?
 Sorry, Sheldon, it's just not a good time for playing games.
 Yes, no and no.
 What are you doing?
 Let's get 'em!
 I'd like to propose a toast to the man whose noble sacrifice inspired our victory, Captain Sheldon Cooper.
 Uh, yeah, sure.
 You're leaving?
 Penny, Penny, listen, I hope you're not doing this 'cause of you and me, because I have a girlfriend, and you're a single woman.
 I'm proud of you.
 Oh, uh, Priya's calling in a few minutes on Skype, and we are gonna have a dinner date.
 Fine, whatever. Priya will be having breakfast.
 That doesn't sound like mocking.
 I don't know. Why?
 Listen, I don't want to be rude, but Priya's gonna be calling any minute, so'
 Yes, I've always admired that about you.
 Oh, good.
 A hobby?
 You know, some people might say that it's great that we're trying to make things work long distance. They'd say things like, love is stronger than the miles between you.
 You video-chat with Amy all the time. How is this different?
 Of course I like Amy.
 Excuse me, that's Priya.
 Hey, honey.
 Oh, I miss you, too.
 That's three minutes. Should we see what we got?
 Yep.
 Not easy, but we're making it work.
 What?
 There's no junk jiggling. We just talk.
 I can't do that.
 I did it last night, I'm not doing it again.
 I don't want to talk about it. You didn't catch bugs from Penny's chair.
 Sheldon, you do this all the time. You fixate on some crazy idea and then blow it way out of proportion.
 How about when you put GPS trackers in your garbage because you were convinced North Korean spies were stealing your doodles? The chicken nuggets you were sure were human nuggets. The strangely-shaped cloud that was following you around town. The time you put on my shirt by mistake and were convinced you'd started growing again.
 It's like living with a Chihuahua.
 So, here we are. Back in bed together.
 Okay, so I, I, I guess I'll just jump right in.
 Uh, you're a naughty girl. And, and, uh, I, I want to punish you with my love?
 Not good?
 Okay. Uh, uh, you're not naughty. Uh, you're, you're, you're dirty. You're, you're a, a dirty girl?
 Yeah, yeah. Uh, okay. You're a, you're a, you're a, a dirty, disgusting, revolting girl. Ugh!
 Why don't you just give me five minutes? I'll Google how to do this. I'll call you right back.
 Okay, like usual. Good.
 All rightie. Shirt coming off. Ta-da! Man nipples.
 Yes, ma'am.
 Taking shorts off. There we go. Naked, naked, naked!
 Cool. 
 Oh, damn it!
 No, no! No-no-no! The screen froze. It's probably just buffering, just give it a second.
 So, how are your mom and dad?
 Yeah. Sure, sure.
 Oh! I didn't even think of that. Thanks.
 I don't know about this, Howard.
 I don't think so.
 Oh, hey, babe, I think I figured this thing out.
 No, you listen. You're my woman, and I'm gonna make you feel things you have never felt before.
 That's right, say my name, and beg me for more, 'cause, I'm gonna give it to you.
 Who wants the last dumpling?
 Aren't you going with Sheldon?
 Oh. Well, I have some work to do, so'
 Okay. Wouldn't you be more comfortable at home?
 All righty then. Guess I'll just get started.
 Amy?
 You okay?
 I thought you were reading.
 I, I'm fine.
 What, who told you that?
 Well, you stay as long as you'd like.
 It was good, good. Just out of curiosity, what time do you usually go to bed?
 Not really. Is that my yearbook?
 Well, it wasn't spray-painting a lightning bolt on my briefcase, I can tell you that.
 Aw.
 Rough night, Casey Jones?
 What's in the bag?
 Ah, sure. That'd be nice.
 Wouldn't you rather bring Sheldon?
 Ready.
 Amy, this is for you.
 No, thank you. I'm really not much of a dancer.
 I'm sorry. The bride and groom seem happy.
 That sounds like a late night, and I have work in the morning, so'
 Oh, sorry. This wedding just reminds me of my kinda-sorta girlfriend 9,000 miles away.
 I'm not moody. I'm fun.
 Well, hey, I'm just as much fun as you are.
 Okay, fine, what do you suggest?
 Once again, I, I'm really not much of a dancer.
 I just can't figure out what happened. I put my left leg in, I took my left leg out, I put my left leg in, and something just snapped.
 I did have a great time. Thank you for reminding me it's okay to have fun once in a while.
 And also for breaking the head off the ice swan so I could hold it against my pulled groin.
 Well, okay. Again, thank you.
 Want to come in, have a cup of tea?
 Okay. Well, good night.
 Sounds like you had a great night.
 Not bad. I had a lot more fun with Amy than I thought I would.
 Well, it turns out she really knows how to help a guy loosen up and have a good time. Although, truth be told, my groin's a little worse for wear.
 What?
 Hey, how go the wedding plans, Howard?
 See, this is the good thing about having a girlfriend 9,000 miles away. I can spend my nights doing whatever I want.
 Maybe. We enter the dungeon.
 Are you gonna eat that whole pie?
 Oh, God, did you watch Bridget Jones again?
 Now that Howard's getting married, maybe he'll inflate one of his old girlfriends for you.
 Are we ready to order?
 Do you really want that?
 You left out, got chafed testicles because you no longer wear underpants.
 Yeah, every night for the last month.
 You think she's taking advantage of him?
 Deaf women can't be gold diggers?
 Could you tell us?
 Look, I know they have money. I don't think it's that much.
 Listen, guys, I'm sorry, I don't mean to be rude, but I need to go call Raj's sister, who I love so much. So vastly much.
 Yeah, real big of you.
 It's from Game of Thrones. What do you think?
 What did you have in mind?
 It would be a replica of a movie prop.
 Well, they don't have an Excalibur here, so what do you want to do?
 Just Bilbo Baggins' sword over there.
 Yeah. It's okay, I guess.
 Buh-buh-buh-buh! What do you want for it?
 Oh, that's pretty steep.
 Hang on. Can you do any better?
 Slow down. Two hundred.
 Will you shut up?
 Nope. Maybe another time.
 Two hundred.
 Two ten and you throw in the Iron Man helmet.
 So?
 Okay, fine. Just the sword, two ten.
 See that? I just saved us forty bucks.
 No, it's okay. I'm gonna stab my friend in the chest.
 Thank you.
 I was actually thinking about going.
 No, I was gonna grab Raj and Howard and have a good time.
 Sheldon, can you grab me a water?
 Can you or can't you?
 It never is, is it?
 Got it. Can I have my water?
 I'd like to propose a toast. The dream to go up into space is one we all share, and Howard's making that a reality. We're all very proud of you.
 Thank you.
 Pretty cool about Howard, huh?
 For God's sake, will you stop with the Schrodinger stuff.
 You never stop talking, do you?
 Wait, let me see if I got this right. You actually asked Bernadette to leave your house in the middle of the night?
 I hate to say it, but she did kind of betray you.
 Going to Wheaton's party is not betraying you.
 I'm going to a party. I'm not turning R2-D2 and C-3PO over to the empire!
 All right, Sheldon, we're going to Wil's. This is your last chance.
 You want to drive?
 Hey, Sheldon?
 No, I just got a text from Stuart. Brent Spiner is at the party.
 Yes.
 Really? Brent Spiner, Mr. Data himself. You love him.
 I'm going. Live long and prosper, Sheldon.
 Yeah.
 What are you doing here?
 Can we get autographed dolls?
 Ten.
 Twelve.
 Two for thirty. And you come to my birthday party.
 So what kind of cruise is this you're going on?
 What's Gunning with God? I'm afraid to ask.
 Sheldon, she just got off the plane. She doesn't want to cook.
 All right, that settles it, we're going out. Do you like sushi? There's a great little place down the street.
 Sheldon, you're talking like a crazy person.
 What's the last thing you were ever happy about?
 Uh, kung fu letters might not be politically correct.
 Yeah, yeah, that, too.
 It's kind of like the Loch Ness monster. Maybe there's something there, maybe there isn't. We'll probably never know. But sometimes it's fun to creep yourself out thinking about it.
 Uh, yeah, it's Raj's sister. It's kind of tough. She's in India. Also, her parents aren't happy she's dating someone white.
 Please pester her. Please, for me.
 So, Mrs. Cooper, what did you think of the sushi?
 Your son seems to think we need to launch a pre-emptive strike on Burbank.
 Raj, what are you doing?
 We don't say that, either. I'll make you a list.
 You want some Oreos?
 No, regular.
 These are delicious.
 Everything? Aren't you worried about your health?
 I'm just gonna take my bacon grease and slide over there.
 Sorry. Syrup.
 I hadn't'
 Mrs. Cooper, we say Catholics, not rosary rattlers.
 What are you gonna do? She wanted to see churches.
 Oh, I'm not sure we should.
 Okay. I don't know, it's probably a little late to ask you to make me taller. Oh, um, if you could help out with me and my girlfriend. She's all the way in India. That would be great.
 Here.
 Hang on. Looks like everyone's a winner.
 Oh. Watch out, Sheldon. This little boy Casper is a g-g-g-ghost!
 That was pretty droll. With a hint of ammonia.
 Uh, yeah. It's issue number 21. First appearance of Hellboy.
 Sorry.
 Yes, but you'd be using your superpowers for evil.
 Leonard.
 Thanks. You, too. You know, go ahead and take it.
 Uh, yeah, yeah, sure, I guess.
 Sorry, palm's a little sweaty. What's that word?
 Oh, right, your name. That makes more sense than penis.
 No, I don't think I picked her up. Besides, I have a girlfriend.
 How many times are you gonna tell me? What's with you?
 Right.
 More Halloween candy? Didn't you just buy a bunch of it yesterday?
 Will you relax? I'll get it in a minute. Hey, how was work?
 Excuse me. 
 Hang on. 
 Check it out. Jim Lee drew this of me two years ago at Comic Con.
 Well, you know, it's Comic Con. I'm Lion-O from ThunderCats.
 No. But Jessica Alba did rub my furry belly.
 You're kidding. You have your own book?
 Cool. Oh, look. That's you having sex with a guy in the top half of a Chewbacca costume. Comic Con?
 You're very talented. This is really good. Did you do' 
 You can have my car.
 Hey, you got a minute?
 Thanks.
 No. Lactose. Gas.
 No. Sulfites. Migraines.
 Okay, we used to go out, right?
 I'm dealing with a situation and it's kind of about my love life, so I know that might be weird for us to talk about, but in this area, as you know, all my other friends are just so stupid.
 So, you're okay talking about this?
 You're sure it's not weird.
 You know what, if you ever want to talk to me about a problem in your life with a guy, then I would be fine with that.
 Okay, uh, here it is. Is it cheating if a guy has a girlfriend'
 Come on.
 I met this girl, and she's great. We have a lot in common.
 No. We just made out a little.
 Well, I was gonna, but there were too many tongues in my mouth.
 Here's the thing, I, I'm not one of those guys who sneaks around and sleeps with more than one woman.
 The problem is, I want to be one of those guys.
 Oh, that's not who I am.
 Now, let's not do anything rash. She's really hot.
 Priya and I are in love. I think we could get married someday.
 Now we're getting somewhere.
 Go ask Penny; she'll know what to do.
 What are you doing?
 Hey, well, see you. I'm going out. 
 Yeah, me, too. I can't make up my mind.
 No. I'm having a moral crisis.
 Oh, what the hell. I'm supposed to go see that girl from the comic book store, Alice, but I don't know if I should, because I'm going out with Priya, but she's in India.
 Well, they say at the end of your life, you regret the stuff you didn't do more than the stuff that you did, and I'm pretty sure Alice is the stuff I want to do.
 That actually does help.
 Screw it, I'm going.
 Do you mind? I'm questioning a lot of things in my life right now.
 No.
 Damn it, I can't. I can't, I can't do this.
 No, no, no. I, I can't do this. Believe me, I really want to.
 But I kind of have a girlfriend.
 You're cool with you and me just being friends, right?
 Wait, I don't, which part?
 Oh, no, no, you have it wrong. No. I, I was going to be a jackass, but I stopped myself. I stayed a good guy, so, I'm gonna pass on the sex. But you should know, that's not a comment on your hotness but on my goodness. That's kind of my superpower. I'm, like, Captain Good Guy.
 It's okay. Did the right thing. You idiot!
 Hey, Priya.
 Uh, not so good. We have to talk.
 Okay, uh, here it is. I met this girl and I kissed her, and I feel terrible about it. But it's done, it's never gonna happen again. And I am so, so sorry.
 It is?
 Oh, my God, you are amazing. I mean, I don't deserve you. Wh, what do, what do you mean everybody?
 Uh, kind of?
 No, no, I messed up a little. You messed up a lot.
 Oh yeah, it is, and you won. I, I, I'm, I'm sorry, I have to go. I don't believe this.
 Fine. What would you like to talk about, Sheldon?
 Hey, Amy, what brings you to our neck of the woods?
 This time, it's your fault.
 Amy, how long would it take for that mad cow disease to kill me?
 No, it's not gonna do it.
 Leonard's coming down the home stretch! Come on, horsey, you can do this! Damn. Come on, thigh muscles, you can do this! Yes! First place. I would have been a great jockey if I weren't too tall. And scared of horses. Sheldon, you're up.
 Come on, it's your turn. We said we'd get more fresh air.
 Did you try calling her on the telephone?
 If you're worried, we can go over there and see if she's all right.
 I don't think Amy was eaten by a bobcat.
 You do?
 Forget about the bobcat.
 Uh, she's your friend. Step up.
 
 I'm single, I don't need this crap.
 For all those girls out there looking for the Indian Monopoly man?
 Why do I have to talk to Penny? She's not my girlfriend.
 Moo-shu is Penny.
 Oh, he was up late last night, so I gave him an early dinner and put him to bed.
 Yeah, but now he's gonna be up at dawn and want to play.
 Her feelings got hurt because you guys went dress shopping without her.
 Hold on, did you talk about us when we were dating?
 What's going on?
 Really? Amy?
 Hi, Amy.
 Cuddles?
 Amy, what are you doing here?
 Yeah, but why didn't you go back to your apartment?
 Maybe we should get you home.
 Yeah, Sheldon, what would it take?
 Okay. Come on. Upsy-daisy.
 Oh, hey. You work the lunch shift?
 Not really.
 Star Wars on Blu-ray.
 Not on Blu-ray. Only twice on Blu-ray.
 I know, it's high-resolution sadness.
 Really? Do we do that?
 You know, we haven't spent time alone together since we broke up.
 Sounds like most of my dates.
 Well, he's smart and crazy enough, he may have actually created a monster. 
 What the hell is going on?
 Movies, yes.
 Sheldon, just ignore him.
 The bird's still there?
 I don't know. Scree-scree.
 Sorry. Do you think I'm overdressed?
 I'm going to the movies with Penny. I don't want her to think that I think it's a date.
 No, but she might think I think it's a date even though I don't.
 Are we overthinking this?
 You're right. I'm fine. I'm wearing this.
 Oh, yeah, sure. There's also an amazing documentary about building a dam on river in South America.
 Can't argue with that. I'll get the tickets.
 Actually, you know what? I think it's about time I pick a movie we see.
 No. You always picked, and it was always the same. An hour and a half of beach houses in the rain until the woman turns around and realizes love was here all along.
 I hate those movies.
 Yes, I do. The only reason I went is because you wanted to see them, and I wanted to have sex. To this day, I can't see a Sandra Bullock movie poster without getting both bored and aroused.
 All the time.
 Does this sound familiar? I'd love to go shoe shopping with you. Hiking? It's great. It's two a.m., of course I want to go to Korea Town and sing karaoke with your friends. Who wouldn't?
 Really? You would have slept with me after a three-hour documentary on dams?
 See? Now, that's the great thing. We're out as friends. This is not a date. Sex is off the table. So, let's go learn why hydroelectric power might not be the environmental bargain you think it is. Sorry. Spoiler alert.
 Thanks. Tickets are eleven bucks. Not a date.
 Come on, you enjoyed the movie. I saw you tearing up when the village got flooded, and everyone had to relocate.
 I'm going to get some fries. You want anything?
 Are you sure? Because you always say no, and then you eat half my fries.
 No, I love them. I save them for the end, but they're gone because you ate them. And why did I let you eat them?
 Exactly. But this is not a date. So I ask again, would you like anything?
 Great. That'll be five dollars. I am having the best time. I'm so glad you suggested we do this.
 Uh, right.
 You're kidding me. Uh, can I see you for a sec over here?
 I know what you're doing.
 You're going out of your way to talk to that guy because I said we weren't on a date.
 Come on, he's not that cute.
 I wear dorky T-shirts and glasses.
 If that's so, what if I start talking to a girl?
 I'm serious. I'll do it.
 They're in a group. I'm scared.
 Um, let's see. Hiking. Karaoke in Koreatown. Any Jennifer Aniston movie.
 No, it's fine. You can ditch away.
 It's cool. Go back to Kevin.
 Interesting. So now that he's gone, you want to hang out with me.
 Yep.
 Don't worry about it. You know, there's some guys over there. You should go talk to them.
 That's kind of between me and'
 Laura.
 Hey, pal. You didn't see me telling Kevin that you thought cold wars were only fought in winter.
 When you were telling Kevin about your acting career, did you mention your long-running role as Waitress in a local production of The Cheesecake Factory?
 Oh, yeah? Spell asthma.
 Maybe I'm not done hanging out with' 
 Okay. So, we went out, saw a movie, met some nice people, said horrible things about each other in public, all in all, a pretty magical night.
 I know, I, I, I crossed a line. And I'm sorry. No, no, no, hang on. I really mean it. And it's not like when we were going out, I'd just apologize for everything so we could end up in bed. This is a 100% sex-is-off-the-table I'm sorry.
 Just to be clear, sex is off the table, right?
 Maybe we're not ready to hang out as friends.
 Really?
 Well, then, I'm putting sex back on the table. What do you think about that?
 You do? Because if that's what you like, I can be that guy. I swear, I'll be anything you want me to be.
 I am such an asthmatic dumbass. I had a weird night.
 It's probably for the best. For a lot of these guys, the weekly trip here is the only chance their mom has to go down to the basement and change their sheets.
 Well, ho-hold on. What if the wizard casts a Helmet of Confusion spell on Billy the Kid's cowboy hat?
 Couple of weirdos. Why?
 Sure. I guess.
 I hate all of you and myself. Three.
 Hey, can I talk to you about something? It's a little awkward.
 Yeah, that's not it. Stuart's kind of interested in Amy.
 No. He wanted me to find out if you'd have a problem with him asking her out.
 You know what? Never mind. I'm going to tell him it's okay to ask her out.
 All right, but just for the record, I checked in with you to see how you'd feel about it.
 I am not washed-up.
 Really?
 I want to return this Wild West and Witches Ka'a expansion pack.
 Sure, sure. Uh, when will Stuart be back?
 You okay?
 A tribe of Abra-Comanches.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 We should go easy on him. Amy's out with Stuart tonight.
 Hocus Pocus Pocahontas.
 It's you.
 Oh come on, no! We just bought the regular pack.
 With a hologram? Nice. Hey, do you see this?
 You've got to be kidding me. You friended Stuart on Facebook?
 Sheldon, why don't you just acknowledge that you have feelings for Amy and you don't want her going out with other men?
 That's all of us. Can I use the laptop?
 I have to buy that stupid collector's tin.
 Yeah, it's 'Penny already eats our food, she can pay for Wi-Fi.' No spaces.
 You want to hear something weird?
 What are you talking about?
 Yeah, because I have something weird to tell her.
 There's this guy, Jimmy Speckerman, who used to torment me in high school. He sent me a message through Facebook. He's in town and wants to have drinks.
 Just do it, 'cause he's not gonna let it go.
 I don't know.
 No, that was a different guy.
 No, that was a different, different guy.
 No.
 No, but, actually, that was this guy's sister.
 I don't know.
 I told you. That was a different guy.
 It's two a.m. What are you doing up?
 Sure. You want to see what all the scientists are wearing this year.
 Thanks.
 I didn't have clams.
 It's this Jimmy Speckerman thing. I can't decide if I should agree to see him or not. Of course that might be because the last time I ran into him, he made me floss with my own shoelaces.
 You know what? I am tired of living in fear of this guy. I'm gonna go see him and finally say all the things I should have said in high school. You know, pick on someone your own size, you did not have sex with my mother, and yes, I do know why I'm hitting myself.'
 No.
 You know, I can really do this by myself.
 No, you're not. You're here to see if I get my underwear pulled over my head.
 You bet. I am going to make him apologize for all the crap he pulled on me in school.
 Scrotum.
 Uh, stapled.
 Oh, hi.
 Yeah. You, too. Uh, Jimmy, this is Sheldon and Raj and Howard.
 I'm doing okay, I guess.
 The Newcomb medal.
 Oh, I can't take all the credit. You helped a lot.
 Jimmy, I'm kind of curious why you wanted to see me.
 What's the idea?
 Right.
 I don't think something like that's even possible.
 Sheldon, I got this.
 Sheldon.
 I think what he's trying to say is that maybe in high school you picked on me a little bit.
 14 is not, oh , yeah, never mind.
 Nancy. You called me Nancy for three years.
 It wasn't fun for me.
 Come on, guys.
 Hey, for the record, Jimmy wasn't the reason I wet the bed. That one has my mother written all over it.
 Here's your cocoa.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 You got one for good luck. 
 What are you doing here?
 Laxative.
 Really?
 Uh, yeah. Sure, I guess.
 Well, yeah, thanks, Jimmy.
 Are you okay to drive?
 No, no, no, come on in. I'll make you a cup of coffee.
 No.
 Sheldon, we can't let him drive.
 You remember Sheldon and Raj and Howard.
 Yeah, just back there.
 Yeah. It kind of rekindles your faith in the basic goodness of people.
 Yeah.
 What was I supposed to do? He needed a place to sleep it off.
 Morning, Jimmy.
 Yeah, you did. So, uh, listen, it was great to see you again. And , and, and thanks for the apology.
 For all the crappy stuff you did to me in high school.
 That's my French toast.
 I might kill him right now.
 Okay, Jimmy, it's time for you to go.
 No, you're done. I want you out of my apartment right now.
 I'm not afraid of you any more, Jimmy. Now get out! 
 Yeah, I feel pretty good about myself. You think we can outrun him?
 Mm-hmm. Yep. I see nothing in this box but a wasted childhood.
 Sheldon, he's just practising for his cousin's birthday party.
 Sheldon, he's just gonna do a few magic tricks for some kids. I really don't think they're gonna end up liking the Green Lantern movie.
 Next time, you should open with that.
 Oh, a little Red Dead Redemption, huh?
 How come you're not doing a mission? You're just wandering around.
 Some people go outside and do that.
 You want to talk about it?
 You know digital alcohol is never a solution. What's going on?
 Glad I was sitting down for that. Did you and Amy get in a fight?
 No, I can't. I'm playing Grand Theft Auto later. Look, I'm no expert in women.
 That's not necessary when someone's trying to help you.
 Sometimes with women you want to listen to what upsets them and then show them that you can grow and change.
 I don't know what to tell you. Buy her something.
 Well, you skip over any attempt to repair your emotional connection and you win back her affection with an empty financial gesture.
 Glad I could help.
 There you go, Howard. Sounds like Raj'll have your babies, problem solved.
 What are you gonna do?
 You know, there's no guarantee even if you have kids that you're going to like them.
 It's right off the dust jacket of my mom's last book.
 Look, Howard, I'd say there's a lot of fish in the sea, but I watched you dangle your hook in the water for years. Do not throw her back.
 You feel like trying something new for dinner? Maybe Indian, Tex-Mex?
 Okay, let's talk about that.
 We all do. Now, how about dinner?
 Excuse me, Amy. Penny, do you have plans for dinner tonight?
 No, I mean just you and me.
 Not like a date, a date.
 Okay, how do I look?
 What are you talking about?
 I didn't defile your sister, we had a relationship.
 Oh, boy, do I?
 Where on earth did you get that from?
 That doesn't make it true.
 See you later.
 So, do they have a name for a first date with someone you used to go out with?
 Yeah, that sounds right.
 Hey, how about if we pretend we're actually on a first date? See how that goes.
 So, Polly, tell me about yourself.
 Oh, sorry, yeah. Awkward.
 Uh, let's see. Uh, I am an experimental physicist at Cal-Tech, most of my research is with high-powered lasers, and, oh, I've just gotten a big government grant to see if they can be used to knock out incoming ballistic missiles.
 Oh, God, no. The money's pretty good. And I used the equipment to make my own Bat-signal.
 Not some kind of nerd, I am the king of the nerds.
 Uh, it means if anyone displeases me, I don't help them set up their printer.
 Good. Remember that when I take my shirt off.
 Me, too. So what do you think? Are we gonna get back together?
 I'm sorry, what did I say?
 Oh, God.
 You said always. You'll always have feelings for me.
 So, that sounds more like something you'd say if you didn't want a relationship with someone. This isn't working out, but I'll always have feelings for you. I'm sorry I slept with your best friend, but I'll always have feelings for you. Here's the thing, Lisa, I'm into dudes now, but I'll always have feelings for you.
 I have feelings for you.
 No, it's not. Always made it worse.
 No, I'm not.
 Ah now th-th-there you go. Always made it worse.
 Well, I don't know how you have a relationship without talking.
 Wait, if you guys didn't talk, what did you' never mind, stupid question.
 You're thirty years old and you live with your mother.
 What does she want from me now? 
 I don't understand.
 Okay, but earlier it seemed like'
 Even during? 'Cause sometimes I have questions.
 Yeah, except for when I got the foot cramp.
 Well, there was a lot at stake.
 Well, I want to go get my asthma inhaler, but it might ruin the moment. Just, just help me out here. How does a miserable date end in sex?
 Well, I'm a pretty smart guy, and right now my brain has dibs on the blood supply, so give it a go.
 Why? What are you afraid of?
 What if I dump you?
 Well, how about if we don't think about this as a relationship? It could be more like a new version of software. Penny and Leonard 2.0. We can test it internally, shake out the bugs, and if we both feel it's solid, then we'll roll it out to the public.
 Exactly. We pretend like our date went badly.
 And we let them think that we decided to just be friends and that everything's cool.
 I can't believe you kept this.
 That is so sweet. In 25 to 30 minutes I'm gonna show you how much this means to me.
 Yeah, hi, hi. How's it going?
 Well, uh, uh, what are you doing up?
 Yeah, well, so was I.
 Obviously, when I saw that you were in ours, I went and used another one.
 The, the gas station across the street.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 Uh, uh, uh, yes, I did.
 What?
 What?
 No.
 I don't want beef jerky.
 Fine.
 We are next to a Suburu with a Gore/Lieberman bumper sticker.
 Well, hey, we're grown-ups. We can still be friends.
 Yeah, it's all good. We-We'll always have feelings for each other.
 See, she knew what always meant.
 I'm just making a point.
 Oh, that is not true.
 Well'
 Unbelievable. 
 Well, I was trying to act like we weren't seeing each other. That was the plan, right?
 You know what? I don't have to stand here and take this crap. 
 Isn't sex after fighting kind of what we do now?
 What are we doing?
 Every scenario I play out for you and me ends badly.
 What? Yeah.
 I don't know, he was pretty badass on Heroes.
 Hang on. Penny, do you have plans for dinner?
 No, I mean just you and me.
 Yes, and I think we should go anyway.
 Excuse me, sorry, excuse me.
 Sorry. I'm having dinner with Penny. I have to get out of here.
 Me, too, I missed you.
 Well, yeah, sex with you is pretty great. Have you ever tried it?
 Oh, I can take it slow. Did I ever tell you about my first girlfriend in high school, Karen Berberick? To this day she doesn't know we were going out. Made it easier on her when I broke things off.
 How about this, are you familiar with the typical development for computer software?
 Before an application is released, they give it a trial run. W-We could do that. And if we hit a rough spot, instead of getting mad, just say, hey, we found a bug, and we report it so it can be fixed.
 Well, technically, this would be an alpha test. A beta test requires people that weren't involved in the development of the appli'
 No, you should. Absolutely. That was me being pedantic. That's our first bug. You reported it. I can fix that. See? This is good.
 Great. You keep a list, I'll keep a list. At some point, we'll exchange.
 Night. Attaboy, Hofstadter. Nothing gets the ladies hotter than software development analogies. Hey, I'm back.
 Um, I'm not sure, but I think the right answer here is no.
 Even Doctor Who?
 Okay, bug report taken. Next time I will have a better plan for our evening's activity.
 Oh, wait, here, almost forgot. Here.
 My bug report to you.
 It's colour coded.
 Uh, red means fix right away. Yellow is eh, whenever you get a chance. And green is I could probably learn to live with it. There's a key down here at the bottom. It's neat, huh?
 So, have a good night.
 Look at that. Some day, we will tell future generations that dating used to be hard.
 Hey. You ready to go?
 Can you finish it later?
 Great. Good. Great. What are you reading?
 They kind of spoil the ending right in the name of that, don't they? All right. Look, just remember how this works. We don't get mad about these things. Uh, speaking of which, I've addressed your bug report on my date planning. Got a really fun evening for you. It's kind of a surprise.
 Thank you.
 All right, fair enough. I certainly can be quieter when we kiss. I thought it was an expression of passion, but if it's coming across as juicy and weird, who wants that? Uh, uh, I'm sorry, can you be more specific on how my eyebrows are stupid? Nah, never mind, it's right here.
 I called your dad. I asked him what things you liked to do when you were a kid. This seemed easier than getting a cow out here so you could tip it.
 You mean for a person whose neck massages feel like an eagle is trying to carry you to its nest?
 Right. Sorry, sorry.
 Right. Sorry.
 I play a lot of Grand Theft Auto. I think I know how to handle a gat.
 So, I've got a gunshot wound. That's pretty badass.
 Hello? They gave me a Band-Aid. Hospitals do not issue Band-Aids unless it is medically necessary. That is the law.
 Thank you for hiding my Star Wars socks at the emergency room. Is it a good time to evaluate the beta test and see where we stand?
 So, are we still taking things slow? Because a gunshot wound today, last week, I slammed my thumb in the kitchen drawer. We don't know how much time I have.
 Aaargh. What the hell?
 Oh, no, come on!
 I have to get a lock for my door.
 Sheldon, Canada is not going to invade California.
 Fine.
 Oh, fun. I get to spend another night in front of our apartment dressed like one of the Village People.
 I don't know, what am I doing?
 Aah!
 Because the cafeteria doesn't offer little packets of methamphetamine.
 Uh-huh.
 You know what, I'm so tired I can't even think straight. I'm going home. Will one of you guys give this nutbag a ride back later?
 Oh, can't you take the bus to the dentist?
 Whatever, Sheldon. I'm exhausted. I'm not taking you to the dentist.
 You know what, I am sick of the roommate agreement. It's ridiculous. I'm your roommate, not your chauffeur. You know, I had better things to do yesterday than drive you all the way to the good model train store in Garden Grove because the one in Pasadena has gotten too big for its britches.
 I don't care. I'm done.
 I don't know what that is, but if it means I can go home and sleep, then yes.
 Where do I sign?
 There. Done.
 I'm gonna go home and take a nap.
 'Sup?
 That's not bad, Howard 'Rocket Man' Wolowitz.
 Once I tried carrying around a Duncan yo-yo, hoping the other kids would start calling me Duncan.
 No, they ended up calling me Sock Mouth. Because they took away my yo-yo and stuffed their socks in my mouth.
 Hey, did you ever make it to the dentist?
 All right, Sheldon, if you need me to take you to the dentist, I will take you to the dentist.
 Absolutely. If you admit that you're a 30-year-old man who's incapable of functioning on his own.
 Why is that good?
 What happened to all your glow-in-the-dark-emergency-exit stuff you had painted on the floor?
 It's just a blackout, I'm sure the power will be back on soon.
 To wine and bubble wrap. And to not having to watch Sheldon demonstrate his reverse osmosis machine that converts urine into drinking water.
 I thought because our relationship's in a beta test, you wanted to take things slow.
 I can go so slow it'll be like there's a snail in your mouth.
 Since when don't you knock? It's like the only good thing about you.
 Fine, what is it?
 S'mores, huh? Good for you.
 No, thanks. I'm good.
 No, don't aw him. He brought this all on himself.
 No, he's crazy. Sometimes crazy looks like sad so it'll suck you back in.
 Fine. But mark my words, this frustrating, bogus teenage make-out session is not over.
 I thought you said candles were dangerous.
 Listen, Sheldon, this is stupid. I don't see why we can't be friends. And I'm willing to drive you around and help you out with stuff. I just don't want to do it because of some silly roommate agreement.
 That we go back to the way things were. But when I do something for you, you show a little appreciation.
 You say thank you.
 It's not crazy.
 I kind of like the sound of that.
 So, do I get breakfast in bed on Leonard's Day?
 Can I sit in your spot?
 Can I control the thermostat?
 Do I get a card?
 Really. Who do you think did that, Sheldon?
 Five.
 Positive.
 It's not funny. That mistake got published.
 Doesn't look happy, so I'm guessing he wants to talk to Sheldon.
 Told ya.
 That tonight's gonna be a good night, and tonight's gonna be a good night, and tonight's gonna be a good, good night! Tonight's the night, uh, uh, let's live it up, uh, I got my money, let's spend it up'
 What the hell are you doing?
 What are you doing hiding back there?
 Lobster traps?
 What are you going to do when you get to the university? People are going to recognize you.
 Fine. Just get back under your blanket, and I'll drive you there.
 Fine.
 Sheldon, there are a million great vacations you could take. What about Hawaii?
 Sheldon, everybody takes vacations.
 Hey.
 Is that your laundry? You only have, like, six things in there.
 It doesn't matter what I say, you're gonna tell me anyway.
 Wow. That's rough.
 Absolutely not. If I'm gonna be stuck at home with the kids while you're on location cheating on me with Ryan Gosling, then Leonard gots to get paid. So, you think about us getting married?
 Joke all you want, but you think about it.
 Good luck catching a man with that attitude.
 Where's Howard?
 I'm sorry. So, listen, I heard something about him. Can you keep it between us?
 Bernadette wants to get a pre-nup.
 I never know what to do in these situations. Should I give him a heads-up?
 Hey, Howard, I need to tell you something.
 Uh, listen, I heard that Bernadette's thinking about asking you for a pre-nup.
 What are you gonna do?
 What choice did the university have? He snapped. It happens to theoretical physicists all the time.
 Can't be very long.
 Yeah.
 You just called dibs.
 What's he doing here?
 H-h-h-hang on, Howard. Barry, how good of a shot are you?
 It's gonna be hard to find something you're both equally good at.
 All right, this is one-on-one. First person to five wins the office. Any questions? Yes, Sheldon?
 Balls in the basket. 
 You know all those terrible things bullies used to do to us?
 I get it.
 No, he didn't. Nothing that's happening here is being done on purpose. Okay, uh, forget one-on-one. Let's try a free throw contest. First person who makes a basket wins the office.
 No. No, I'm not.
 All right, we gave it 45 minutes. It's no longer funny. Let's try something else.
 Uh, on the count of three, both of you bounce the balls as hard as you can. The highest bounce wins the office.
 All right, that's enough trash talk. One, two, three.
 Congratulations, Sheldon. You win office.
 What are you doing?
 Why is there a hole here?
 Sheldon, relax.
 If you're not happy, why don't you just let Kripke have the office?
 What happened?
 Why would you do that?
 Hang in there. I'll be right back. 
 I'm just gonna run to the store and get a few things. I'll pick you up when you're done.
 Excuse us for a second. Sheldon, it's okay, he can do it. He's a barber.
 What are you talking about?
 There's no such thing as haircut records.
 Have you ever seen them?
 Sheldon, you're a grown man, he's a professional, and your haircut is number three on that poster from 1946. Just sit down and let him do it.
 When you tell this story later, the word we usually use is quirky.
 Sure. What are you doing?
 Sheldon, you are one day late for your haircut.
 So, what kind of things are they' 
 Sheldon, be nice.
 Hmm.
 You know, I think this is a good stopping point. Uh, it's your first real game. I threw a lot of information at you.
 Like I said, complicated game.
 Did you have fun? Because if you had fun, then you are, you are a winner. Now that's, that-that's what chess is all about.
 Hey.
 I don't know. Between you playing chess like Bobby Fischer and Sheldon being okay with you in his spot, I'm guessing someone went back in time, stepped on a bug, and changed the course of human events.
 Oh, uh, he's crazy.
 Good. I'm taking that disgusting chart off the fridge.
 I think this could be good for you. Maybe it's time for you to shake things up a bit.
 Great. What are you going to do first?
 I got to tell you, I'm a little worried about him.
 Sheldon, it's three o'clock in the morning.
 I was sleeping.
 No, he doesn't.
 Stop! Stop it! Stop! Stop! Stop it!
 Oh, hi, Penny, guess what? Sheldon got bongos.
 Richard Feynman was a famous physicist.
 Sheldon, go to bed. You have work in the morning.
 W-w-wuh, no, no, hang on,uh, uh, roommate agreement. No hootenannies, sing-a-longs, or barbershop quartets after ten p.m.
 Poor guy. He must have been exhausted. Sheldon like to sleep while Leonard play the bongo!
 No, it was called for.
 I'm sorry, duh, what?
 What's this about Sheldon seeing you naked?
 Oh, I don't know. I kind of promised myself I'd get off the computer, be more physically active. Get some exercise.
 Good point, I'm in.
 You mean, are you talking gaming marathon?
 It would be like our World Of Warcraft a few years ago when the neighbours called the cops on us.
 All right, let's do it.
 Hey, Sheldon, clear your weekend. Starting Saturday morning, Star Wars< marathon
 We are going to play the online game.
 We'll miss you, Sheldon.
 I'd make fun of Sheldon for having girl problems if I wasn't in shock that Sheldon has girl problems.
 That's what your father used to say?
 Hey, listen, I kind of made plans with the guys this weekend, but then I wondered, because we're in this relationship-beta-test, if I should have asked you first. Then I thought if I did check with you first, you'd think that I was taking things to seriously. And then, then I got a nosebleed.
 Oh. I guess I was hoping for a different reaction, but okay.
 I don't know, maybe that you'd be a little upset, and then you'd realize that I'm a stallion that has to run free. And that would turn you on a little.
 Do you mind if I spend the weekend playing video games with the guys?
 Ay papi? What is that?
 Oh. So you chose that when you become turned on, you turn into Speedy Gonzalez?
 Uh-uh.
 Keep an eye on those expiration dates, I've been burned more than once.
 You pick up a Y chromosome while you were there? You might be short one.
 Well, we're always the good guys. In D&D, we're lawful good, in City Of Heroes, we're the heroes, in Grand Theft Auto, we pay the prostitutes promptly and never hit them with a bat.
 Uh, if it's yoghurt that helps ladies poop, I think Raj beat you to it.
 Uh, it is, but I think you might've waited too long for it to be funny. 
 Raj, Imperial Troopers on your tail.
 All right, I think we got them all. Let's divide up the loot.
 Mmm, you liked Professor Guyster's wedding.
 Who you bringing?
 Yeah, I'm glad.
 Sure, what's up?
 I'm sorry, you are our resident cut-up?
 Prove it.
 Who's there?
 Interrupting physi'
 Where did you get that?
 You went to the comic-book store by yourself?
 Wow. No, it's great. Also, uh, mint in box.
 Awesome!
 Ah!
 They're Collectables.
 Once you open the box it loses its value.
 What?
 Really? I don't even notice any more.
 Well I told you, you don't, it's mint in box.
 You know, you're right. I mean, it's from you, I'm never going to sell it. I'm opening it.
 It's broken.
 Absolutely.
 Why would you open mine?
 Well, you should talk to Stuart.
 Okay, that I believe.
 So, is that one mine.
 Well, hand it over so I can open it.
 And that's a lie, right?
 You're kidding.
 That's amazing. You'll be like his pit crew. A word of caution, I would not do your Stephen Hawking impression in front of him.
 Yeah, he worships Hawking.
 Boy, a restraining order from Stephen Hawking. It'll look so nice next to the ones he's already got from Leonard Nimoy, Carl Sagan and Stan Lee.
 Like it was ten hours ago. What about it?
 Really?
 Still going to introduce him?
 So, come on, how was the first day with Hawking?
 Raj, you're our group historian. Has Sheldon ever begged before?
 What if he doesn't?
 You do realize you own his ass right now.
 What are these?
 It's nicer than anything he's ever said to me. I'd take it and run.
 Give it a second. 
 Horse, but mostly just for the height. A little bit for the genital girth.
 Also instead of just living in your mother's house, you could actually live inside her body.
 Give me one circumstance in which that would be useful.
 No, he didn't.
 Good for you, Howard. I'm proud of you. And still, you're the first one of us to get married. We have to do something special.
 Look at that, in 30 seconds, we went from hiring women to being them.
 Yeah, just going to a restaurant, get some steaks and scotch. Nothing to worry about.
 Well, I don't know. It's a bachelor party. There could be strippers. Wouldn't that make you a little jealous?
 Hey, I am a young man in his sexual prime. Under the right conditions, I-I-I am capable of just, really crazy stuff.
 Oh, come on, that's got to count. There was a really strong undertow, we could have died.
 Oh, I will. There is no telling what might happen.
 You know, there's nothing wrong helping some woman's kid get through their S.A.T.'s.
 Hey, I got to hand it to Raj, he found a really nice spot to have a bachelor party.
 Are you drinking whisky?
 Whoa, it's a little early to start dropping J-bombs, don't you think?
 Oh, hey, Wil. Nice of you to make it out tonight for Howard.
 Oh, yeah, no worries.
 Oh, all right.
 Yeah, sure.
 Oh.
 Wow, that's very nice.
 Sheldon'
 So, Howard Wolowitz tying the knot. Leaving his crazy bachelor days behind. He was a wild one. Well, I guess we all kind of were. I remember this one time, I was with this girl at the beach. We were in the ocean and we started making out. I know, it was crazy. I wasn't even wearing my Aquasocks. Then'
 Right. To Howard.
 I totally had sex in the ocean.
 Actually, you did do one of them together.
 Well, Howard, I don't know much about women.
 No, uh, that, that's it. I don't know much about women. Raj, you got anything?
 Hello.
 Come on, please.
 Folding a sheet in my underwear, still pretty crazy.
 Do you think maybe it's tight because you're wearing long underwear?
 All right, let me rephrase the question. Why are you wearing long underwear?
 No, it should be: why are you?
 I'm sorry, Howard, but I got to tell you, I'm a little relieved you're not going.
 Come on, you were gonna go up in a rocket designed in the 1960s by the Russians.
 When was the last time you were at Best Buy and you heard someone say, ooh, check out this Blu-ray player, it must be good, it was built in Russia'?
 You must be burning up.
 He keeps emergency Purell in the car.
 Before I come in, you should know, I have gas. 
 Check it out. It's the gas I use in my free-electron laser to support high voltages. But it also has an interesting secondary use. Here. Breathe this in.
 Just try it.
 I have never been more attracted to a woman who sounds like a man in my life.
 Mm-hmm.
 Oh, great.
 And I promise, after waiting four months, fast is what you're gonna get.
 So we won't let it get weird.
 What about 
 I'm sorry. I did, I crossed a line. I didn't mean to!
 I don't know, it just came out. People say weird things during sex all the time.
 It was the heat of the moment.
 I'm sorry. Just, just give me another chance.
 Again, I'm sorry. You know, with Howard and Bernadette getting married, I got caught up in a little wedding fever. I take it back.
 Okay, at some point, we'll look back and this is going to be a funny story. Why don't we just start doing that now?
 No. Hey, do you remember that time when I proposed to you in bed? And you were all, like, what are you doing? That was so funny. So funny.
 Give it a minute. Is that a little smile I see there? I should go.
 Sheldon, knight takes bishop. You all right?
 Are you? You left your queen exposed from above, you trapped your knight in the corner, and you keep sighing and saying, why me?
 We got you that book last year. Wasn't everything in there?
 Well, if it makes you feel any better, I screwed things up pretty good with Penny.
 I guess we are. So, what's going on?
 I'm sorry, that must be very difficult for you.
 Shame on her.
 She's good.
 You mean, like in bed or in the shower?
 Well, if you had a physical relationship, I'd say propose during sex. Turns out that's a real mood killer.
 Yeah.
 Pretty much.
 Hey. Off to work?
 Have a nice night.
 Penny, just, wait. I've been thinking about what I said when we were in bed the other night.
 I noticed you never answered me.
 Uh, follow-up. Are we still dating?
 Is it still weird 'cause I proposed?
 I have a couple more quick questions. Do you want to call me from the car?
 I played that pretty well. 
 What are you doing?
 Sheldon, what channel is NASA TV?
 There's Howard's rocket, live from Kazakhstan.
 That's so great. 
 Come on, Sheldon, it'll be fun.
 Where'd you get a beer?
 I don't want to talk about it.
 She said no, can we drop it now?
 What, I can't propose? I can't talk to my friends? Is there anything else I'm not allowed to do?
 Will you shut up?
 That's so cool.
 How about our roof?
 Oh, wow.
 I doubt he'll ask you to kill a man.
 Come on, Raj, we're ready to start.
 Hmm.
 No.
 Hey, I didn't say it.
 Thank you, Amy. Very touching. Howard and Bernadette, you are lucky enough to be best friends who love each other. And that's the strongest kind of love because at its core, it has kindness, patience, and respect. Qualities that are hard to find in people these days.
 No, come on in. Hurry.
 This is it.
 Mm-hmm, International Space Station. 250 miles that way.
 You know, it's not exactly glamorous up there. The water that the astronauts drink is made from each other's recycled urine.
 Mm, conducting experiments in zero gravity.
 Interesting question. On the one hand, I always thought'
 I know what the anthropic principle is.
 Where do you stand on it? 
 Then I believe that God created the world in six days, and on the seventh he made you to annoy me.
 Hey.
 Well, hang on. Why do you believe that he knows what it is and I don't?
 Actually, I'm hanging out with Penny. 
 Sheldon, are you sure you want to be bringing Raj on your date night with Amy?
 No occasion. You know, things have been a little weird between us, so I wanted to throw together a fun night just for you.
 I got all your favourites. Beer, wings, sliders. We can watch the football game. I even painted my stomach.
 Well, in case you were in the mood for baseball, I didn't want to look ridiculous.
 Good, I'm glad. 
 Great. Just relax and enjoy. Tonight is all about you.
 So, where exactly are we in this relationship?
 You're right, I'm sorry. Let's watch the game. 
 I just know the longer we wait to talk about it, the weirder it gets.
 Absolutely. You're the girl, I'm the guy. Now, you watch your football game while I make you a little plate here.
 Oh, I'll get it. Go sports.
 What are you doing here? I thought you were out with Sheldon and Amy.
 Well, it's not really a great time. Penny and I have some things we need to talk about.
 I can't believe I shaved my stomach for this.
 I'm good.
 That's great. Get out.
 Penny and I have some issues we need to talk about.
 Some people might say it was romantic.
 Okay.
 Actually, to this day, she's never really said it.
 So, is it everything you hoped it would be?
 Go ahead.
 What are you doing?
 Sheldon, you are not in charge.
 It'll be fine. Just, uh, pretend he's Wolowitz.
 What are you doing?
 Maybe your tongue is shrinking.
 I'm starting to get a sense of it. Don't worry. I'll take you to the dentist tomorrow.
 Okay.
 Why?
 I wish there were more.
 What is it?
 Where exactly did your mother have you tested?
 Okay, I think I understand.
 The guy who seems like an emotionless robot is you, but your relationship with Amy is causing you to transform into a red-blooded man with sexual desires.
 What?
 I was. Now I'm having a nightmare. What do you want?
 Gelatinous Sphere.
 Why would I be interested? I have Penny.
 You can't just replace someone you care about with some other random person.
 Yes, you walked around for a week saying, Sheldon unhappy with casting choice.
 What's your point?
 This is ridiculous. Are we gonna play cards or not?
 So, I had to take Sheldon to the dentist this morning.
 Yup. I told him if he didn't bite the hygienist, I'd take him for ice cream.
 I didn't have to take him for ice cream.
 You okay? You seem a little distracted.
 Oh. Yeah, okay.
 Just say it.
 Mm-hmm.
 Mmm, doesn't matter. Half the time, he just ends up playing with the box.
 No, what's disgusting is he's still keeping track.
 No, no, no, no.
 I didn't know they gave Nobel prizes for making boom-boom in the potty.
 So, you're going to spend hours and hours combing through all this stuff?
 Not gonna happen.
 If you want help, just hire a grad student.
 You talk to Howard lately?
 Smooth. Hi.
 Sheldon, aren't you going to introduce us?
 Ah, congratulations and may God have mercy on your soul. I'm Leonard. This is Raj.
 She seems nice.
 All I said was she seems nice.
 This should be fun.
 Oh!
 Wait, Alex. Do you want to join us?
 Given her what?
 What?
 Oh, sure. Please join us.
 So, Alex, what's the topic of your dissertation?
 Oh, that happens to be Dr. Koothrappali's field of expertise. You two have a lot to talk about.
 No. But compared to your boss, he's the poster boy for sanity.
 Oh, SETI, the Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence. You should introduce him to Sheldon. The search is over.
 High-energy lasers.
 Not yet, but I can remove unwanted hair from two miles away.
 Thank you.
 Ah, it was all right, I guess. Got to Heimlich a cherry stem out of Sheldon. Caught Raj right in the eye.
 No, Raj had to go to the nurse.
 Mmm, the nurse is a woman, so he couldn't talk to her. She had to bring him a Grover puppet so he could point at what hurt.
 Isn't that enough? It had the weaponised fruit and a puppet. What more do you want?
 What do you got?
 Magnets: What Do They Stick To? If the answer is metal, it's not exactly groundbreaking.
 Where are we going?
 It'll be good to have him back.
 I don't have a problem with Stuart. Besides, he gives us a twenty percent discount at his comic book store.
 All right, Pictionary. What are the teams?
 Batman. Batman and Robin. Uh, Wonder Twins plus the monkey. Wonder Twins plus the monkey and Batman.
 In what universe is that a present?
 No.
 Nothing with quarks.
 No.
 How could you miss that?
 Penny got it.
 Oh, uh, uh, uh, sausage. Uh, uh, uh, uh, bratwurst? Oh, oh, a hot dog.
 A solar system. Uh, uh, uh, uh, um, unidentified flying liverwurst? I don't'
 I don't know, uh, Casper the alcoholic ghost?
 Mmm, in all fairness, Pictionary has verbal skills, visual skills. It's a pretty well-rounded game.
 En el acelerador de particulares.
 Just pick another game.
 No good, Sheldon doesn't float.
 Yeah, that's when it started.
 Uh-uh.
 I'm trying. Don't yell at me.
 I know what he looks like.
 Because he's hard to find. If he was easy to find, the books would be called There's Waldo.
 57, 58, 59, that's one minute.
 Remember, show your work.
 Get up, we can't lose at math.
 So?
 Sheldon, we haven't won a game all night. Now, you either stick your face in that pie or I'm gonna stick that pie in your face.
 Snort it down and keep eating!
 Yeah, maybe. Open it first.
 Have you noticed that Howard can take any topic and use it to remind you that he went to space?
 Okay. Hey, Howard, any thoughts on where we should get dinner?
 Hey, what are you doing here?
 Oh, what a nice surprise. I don't think you've ever seen my lab before.
 No. Although Howard was making some real strides in that area until he met Bernadette.
 Nope. Now the Lisatronic 3000 just sits in a box waiting for the phone to ring.
 Oh, no, no, no, don't look in there.
 No, it's a nitrogen laser. It'll cook your eyeball like a soft-boiled egg.
 Sign right there.
 Uh, that is an integrated ion trap and time-of-flight mass spectrometer.
 That is a pencil sharpener.
 It's actually pretty neat.
 Yeah. It's a front-projected holographic display combined with laser-based finger tracking. Here, I'll show you. We'll just put this pencil over here.
 Very good. And then a laser will map the reflective surface, and voila. 
 You know, there's a foundational idea in string theory that the whole universe may be a hologram.
 Uh-huh. Well, the holographic principle suggests that what we all experience every day in three dimensions may really 
 What?
 You should visit more often. What are you doing?
 What? Here? Now?
 No, no. It's kind of crazy. I've never fooled around in the lab before.
 No. I did have a shot with the Lisatronic, but the extension cord wasn't long enough.
 Hello, boys.
 Nothing.
 So, basically, this is what's called mag-lev technology. It uses very powerful electromagnets to create a force strong enough to overcome gravity. Here, you hold this.
 Yeah. Oh, uh, you don't have on any jewellery, do you?
 A grad student forgot to take out one of his piercings. Now he's on a transplant list waiting for a nipple his size. Now watch this.
 Sometimes I like to turn this on and pretend I'm the super villain Magneto.
 But what I really am is a very smart scientist who understands the mechanics of the universe and is wearing the sexy black underwear you bought him.
 Hello, boys.
 Ja, und later she's going to arrest me for goink fashter zen da shpeed of light.
 Sorry, Officer.
 Just explaining the theory of relativity. Twice.
 Don't worry, this is exactly how you look when you're dancing in clubs.
 That's really nice, Sheldon, I'm happy for you.
 Sheldon, I don't think this actually means'
 It's crunchy. Just the way I like it.
 It's great. I love it.
 Oh. That's great. Great, great, great. Why wait so long to tell me?
 Why do you think I'd be like that? I get it, you're taking one class. It's nice. Maybe if it goes well, you take another, you enrol full-time. Ooh, be sure to keep an eye on which credits transfer to a four-year college.
 Sorry. Whatever. It's all good.
 Am I allowed to ask how the class is going?
 Great topic. I can help with that. There are lots of different perspectives you can take, economic, sociological, political.
 Can I take a look?
 Okay, I get it.
 It's like when I started doing chin-ups, I didn't want you to see until I could do one. FYI, really close.
 Really? 'Cause I went to four years of college and five years of grad school, that never happened once.
 Please be good. Please be good. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Okay. She writes like she cooks.
 What are you doing?
 I did a bad thing.
 No.
 Penny started taking a class. She wrote a paper, she didn't want me to read it, I went behind her back and I read it anyway.
 I don't know what to do. I mean, the paper's terrible. But if I tell her, she'll know that I read it and she'll get really mad.
 Is it possible we're having two different conversations?
 Hang on. Okay, here's what we're gonna do. Chess clock. We each get five minutes to talk about our problems. We'll take turns. Each turn will consist of a statement and a helpful response from the friend. Begin.
 He's probably busy. You're worried about nothing. Give it a couple more days. I'm sure he'll play, and you'll see that everything's fine. My turn. I can't let Penny hand in a bad paper, but how do I tell her it's bad without letting her know that I read it?
 Maybe since you're so good, he's taking his time to meet the challenge. I want Penny to enjoy school'
 Sheldon, I wasn't done talking. She hands in the paper tomorrow. I know I could help her. And she's my girlfriend. I, I should be allowed to help her. Why aren't I allowed to help her?
 No. You need to give me some advice.
 No, specific to my situation.
 Empathetic.
 I quit.
 What?
 Good morning, sunshine.
 I know, but I have to go to work, and I made you breakfast.
 Uh, before you open that, um, are you familiar with the story of The Shoemaker and the Elves?
 No, no. Listen, um, once upon a time, there was this shoemaker and when he went to bed at night, elves would sneak in and they would make all these amazing shoes for him. And when the shoemaker woke up in the morning, he, he would be super happy, not mad at the elves at all. Open it.
 Don't ask me. A little elf did it.
 No, I assumed it would be good. Then I read it.
 No, I, I mean, it was good. There were just a few things that needed a little polishing.
 That's not true. Uh, slavery. 1619. Your name at the top. That's all you.
 Please don't be upset. I just, I didn't want you ending up with a bad grade and get discouraged and give up on the idea of going back to school.
 Oh, come on, you know that's not true.
 I'm sorry. I was just trying to help.
 Oh, hey. Haven't heard from you in a couple days. You still mad at me?
 Wow.
 I don't know what to say.
 Well answer it. I want to hear.
 Hey, look who's out after dark, like a big boy.
 I thought you had plans with Amy.
 Hold on. Wil and Amy had an argument?
 Then Amy got mad and left?
 And you?
 Buddy, I think Amy might be upset.
 Because your friend was rude to her, and then you went to dinner with him.
 Trust me, call her.
 Keep going, buddy, you're doing great.
 They'd say, why does he touch himself so much?
 Oh, yeah. Fifth grade. Sixth grade. Seventh grade. Eighth grade. Ninth grade.
 Okay. You want to start loading this stuff into the truck?
 We're not standing outside by the U-Haul while you fondle yourself.
 You know, a lot of scientists believe that making contact with other life-forms would probably not end well for us.
 Really?
 Actually, no, he goes to the bathroom at eight a.m. with optional follow-ups at one forty-five and seven ten high-fibre Fridays.
 Oh, that's just the tip of the sadness iceberg.
 Right, the case of who murdered three Saturday nights of my life?
 Well, I spent most of the afternoon growing isotopically pure crystals for neutrino detection.
 Yeah, it was.
 Who you talking to?
 Oh, great. We're still dating, right?
 I'm sorry, what was that? I had a little stroke after oral.
 Oh, good, an English accent, the sexiest accent you can have.
 Did you tell him you have a boyfriend?
 Well, maybe you should tell him.
 Say, can't talk right now, hanging with my boyfriend. England sucks, you suck, USA number one.
 Yes. Thank you.
 What did he say?
 What?
 I hate this guy.
 Come on, trust me, he's hitting on you.
 Really? Here?
 That'd be great. Thank you.
 If you're wondering why I've been staring through the peephole, I'm trying to get a look at this guy who's coming over to Penny's.
 It's not a big deal. He's just in her history class. They're working on a project together. I don't even know why I care. You know what, I don't care.
 This is silly. I have nothing to worry about.
 What do you mean?
 Well, yeah, but this isn't just about looks. I'm, I'm way above average in a lot of other things.
 I'm talking about important things like emotional maturity.
 I liked it better when you thought I wasn't here.
 None of this matters. I trust that Penny cares about me, and nothing's gonna happen with this guy.
 What?
 Now you're just being ridiculous.
 I'll be right back.
 You, uh, moving into the apartment on the fifth floor?
 Oh, cool. That cute blonde on four?
 I, well, I see her around. I like to keep my distance because her boyfriend is a pretty scary dude.
 Yeah. He's ganged up.
 That's the name of his gang. The Scientists. They are crazy.
 No problem, brother. Stay frosty. 
 Hey, Alex, and call me Leonard. Dr. Hofstadter is my father. And my mother. And my sister. And our cat. Although, I'm pretty sure Dr. Boots Hofstadter's degree was honorary.
 Sure.
 Hey, Alex, let me ask you something. My girlfriend knows this guy at school. He's got an English accent.
 Yeah, you all do. Anyway, I feel like he's hitting on her. She says he's just being nice and that I should trust her.
 Right. Because girls are always like, ooh, that guy owns two Star Trek uniforms and gets a lot of ear infections. I got to get me some of that.
 Trust me, it doesn't.
 Really?
 Hope-hope no girls rip my clothes off on the way.
 Hi.
 Come on, I'm sorry.
 I do, of course I do.
 Really?
 Oh. You know, I'm really starting to not like this guy.
 I don't know. It-it-it's hard sometimes. Everywhere you go, guys hit on you, even if I'm standing right there. And they're all taller than me. Why is everyone taller than me? You know what, this is all in my head. It's my problem, not yours.
 You know that's the first time you ever said that you love me.
 We're just supposed to pretend it's not a big deal?
 You're right, you should go.
 They are not.
 Your hypothesis is completely disconfirmed by all the data. You're just clinging to it out of intellectual stubbornness.
 Oh, yeah? Mummies are wrapped in bandages.
 All right, you brought this on yourself. Sheldon, get him.
 Good boy. Here's a cookie.
 Oh, mummies and zombies again.
 You get a cookie, too.
 Maybe they reassigned it because you never use it.
 Well, he's not wrong. Howard did go to the International Space Station.
 Sheldon, let it go. It's not a big deal.
 All that story does is make me feel bad for your mother.
 Because I can never understand your side.
 Sheldon?
 I don't have any.
 Howard, what are you doing?
 Mmm.
 What are you idiots doing?
 You're both acting like lunatics. It's just a parking spot.
 What I don't believe is that you tried to run him over.
 Why would it trouble you? It's, like, your third favourite cartoon theme song.
 Oh. Like Jaws 4, Indiana Jones 4, Daredevil 1.
 Penny's working tonight, I'm in.
 Fun. We know how much you love that.
 That should lighten the mood.
 Raj is probably right. You should get someone to give you some pointers.
 No.
 I'm no expert, but I think the hook has to go through the worm.
 Yeah, come on, Howard. Hook that worm.
 It's not our fault. Our dads never did anything like this with us.
 My dad was an anthropologist. The only father-son time he spent was with a 2,000-year-old skeleton of an Etruscan boy. I hated that kid.
 You know, maybe we didn't have opportunities like this when we were growing up, but right now, there's a dad that wants to take you on a fishing trip.
 Look at that, I built a fireplace with my own two hands.
 Aw, I got a little paper cut.
 Oh, before I forget, Saturday I'm planning a little Dungeons and Dragons night with the guys.
 Oh, come on, I hardly ever get a chance to play anymore.
 Little bit, yeah.
 All right, Sheldon, to start our quest you need to open this little Christmas gift I got you.
 Would you just look inside?
 It's actually ho, ho, ho, but you'll get the hang of it. Thought it'd be fun to make a quest with a holiday theme.
 Okay, here we go. You find yourselves in the smoking remains of Santa's village. Clearly, a great battle has taken place.
 Okay, there are ogre tracks and a trail of broken candy canes in the snow. Sheldon, what do you do?
 Fine. Howard, what do you do?
 And you discover a secret door leading to a dark corridor.
 Okay, you run into a room full of weapons, hit a trip wire, a cannon blows your face off, you die, you're out of the game.
 Okay, come on, moving on.
 Okay'
 Oh, uh, yeah. I got 'em on Amazon.
 I know, but when I shop online, I can do it on the toilet.
 Yeah, sorry. Uh, you come to the end of the tunnel and find a large chest. What do you do? And, Howard, do not say, I feel up the large chest.
 Great. What do you do?
 It's locked, but suddenly the door behind you slams shut and now the walls of the room start closing in.
 Glowing letters appear on the chest that read, If squashed to death you wish not to be, sing of Svaty Vaclav and his victory.
 Walls are getting closer.
 You're ten seconds away from getting crushed. Nine, eight.
 Seven, six.
 Three, two.
 The walls are getting slower.
The walls stop. You're safe.
 Okay, continuing our quest.
 Okay, you leave the room and find yourself standing before a pool of melted snowmen.
 I don't know. What's the difference?
 Fine. You leave the room and find yourself standing before a pool of melted snowmen. There are carrots and lumps of coal in the water.
 You see those, too.
 What are you drinking there? A little eggnog?
 No, it's nice to see you enjoying a holiday beverage. Pretty Christmassy.
 Come on, Sheldon. You know all the Christmas stories, and the carols, you've got an eggnog moustache going on there. Just admit it. You're getting a little Yuletide spirit.
 Honestly, because I had enough crappy Christmases as a kid and I'm tired of you sucking the joy out of them now.
 I grew up in a house full of crazy academics. Instead of leaving Santa milk and cookies, we had to leave him a research paper. And in the morning, you could tell he'd been there because the paper would be graded.
 It wasn't amazing. I got a C-minus four years in a row.
 The drawbridge is lowering.
 You did it. The drawbridge is down. You cross the chasm and find yourself in a small dungeon room. And in the corner, chained to the wall, you see a bloodied and beaten Santa Claus. He says, ho, ho, help me.
 Uh, okay.
 This is weird, right?
 Okay. So Wolowitz and Stuart are paralyzed, Santa's dead, and I picked this over having sex with my girlfriend.
 I can't blame you. Tiny Twister was a complete bust.
 What recordings?
 Hey. Just playing a little Giant Jenga here.
 Well, most of Saturday's gonna be figuring out where to put this game when we're done. How about you?
 Ooh. That's his take on John Wheeler's quantum foam. That should be great.
 Ah, I'd love to, but I'm supposed to hang out with Penny.
 Well, she's not really into that kind of stuff.
 Are we done with this?
 Terrific. Something weird happened and I don't know what to do about it.
 Sheldon's assistant asked me on a date last night.
 Working it? You can't even talk to her.
 She knows I have a girlfriend. It's so weird.
 To my bones. I mean, I'm not gonna do anything about it. I love Penny. It's just nice to have a young, attractive woman sniffing around the goods.
 I didn't steal anyone.
 I'm androgynous?
 What do you guys think I should do?
 Hey, pretty lady.
 Uh, I guess I am.
 I don't know, just having a good day. This morning Sheldon fell asleep on the way to work, so I got to listen to the radio. That was pretty crazy.
 Mm. I found this quiz online called Which Star Trek Character Are You? and it only took me four tries to get Captain Kirk.
 Oh. It. Was.
 Yeah. And the one thing that could make it even better is an evening with my special girl.
 What do you mean?
 Um, why would I mean Alex?
 What?
 I'm missing something. (Enters apartment. To Sheldon) Did you say something to Penny about Alex?
 Why would you do that?
 At least I know not to blab to a girl about somebody flirting with her boyfriend.
 Oh, my God, what did you do?
 Please forgive me. I should have told you about Alex.
 Of course not. No. Why?
 You do that?
 Hang on. Are you feeling insecure? Because that's my thing, and if you take it away, I don't know what I'm bringing to this relationship.
 No, I'm not happy.
 I'm sorry. I just never think of you having feelings like that.
 Why? Nothing is ever going to happen between me and Alex.
 Come here. Tell you a secret?
 With all these women chasing me, I kind of do feel like Captain Kirk.
 Sure.
 Message received. Ah, excuse me. (Answering phone) Hello. This is Dr. Hofstadter. Okay. All right, thank you. That's weird. I'm getting called in to Human Resources.
 I don't know.
 Sheldon threw us all under the bus.
 How is this my fault?
 I wasn't screwing around with anyone.
 Yes, but I think this is all a big misunderstanding.
 What are you doing here?
 Oh, would you stop worrying about that?
 That's great.
 Glasses? I really don't think that's gonna change' oh, my God, you look so smart and hot.
 Okay, come with me.
 To my bedroom, so I can take everything off but those glasses. And maybe the boots.
 Hey, will you steam my uniform next?
 Oh, thanks, I thought I had more.
 Hey, hey, hey, hey. This is my Comic-Con makeup. I love you, but there are some things a man doesn't share with his girlfriend.
 That was San Diego Comic-Con. This is Bakersfield Comic-Con.
 Well, it's a lot smaller. It's more about the comic books. The way these conventions used to be before they went all Hollywood.
 Yeah.
 Oh, hang on a second. 
 To show people when they don't believe me.
 It is on.
 I'm turning it on, but just to shut you up.
 What did you do?
 Counterpoint, no, it's not.
 Really?
 Yeah, that sounds fun.
 No.
 I'll set the timer.
 What? Hey, hey! Come back here!
 I don't believe this.
 Mine, too. Anybody got any ideas?
 What kind of a person steals another person's car in broad daylight?
 I thought we agreed this was all Koothrappali's fault.
 Look at us, Sheldon. We're the crazy people.
 Come on, let's just start walking. There's got to be a gas station or something nearby.
 Yes.
 Oh, you poor thing, you're sweating. That's so much worse than having your car stolen.
 Please, Sheldon, I am so not in the mood.
 Can I use your phone? Our car got stolen.
 Our clothes, our wallets, phones.
 Uh, we're going to the Comic-Con in Bakersfield. They have a big costume contest. It's cooler than it sounds.
 Okay, he gets how cool it is.
 Thanks, but we've got it covered.
 Are you kidding me? After all we've been through, I just want to go home.
 No, that can't be right.
 I say we investigate.
 Fine, but set them to stun. If we vaporize Penny, I'll never find a girlfriend that pretty again.
 Sheldon, your food's getting cold.
 Oh, this is neat. Think about all the action figures we've bought over the years. It would be kind of cool to have ones that look like us. Don't you think?
 Yeah, so, I'm out.
 You get that these are personalised action figures.
 Yep.
 Hmm. Kind of a strange place to put a picture of you and Bernadette.
 A thousand dollars on action figures? How can you afford that?
 Maybe it's a shipping problem.
 Yeah. Maybe Wesley Snipes and Toucan Sam just got action figures that look like you guys.
 Aw, and my girlfriend wouldn't let me get one. Look at my face. Do I look smug? I feel smug.
 Well, sometimes there's a secret ending, like in The Avengers.
 They could show bloopers. Oh, no.
 That is Sheldon's 'I'm unhappy and about to destroy the planet' music. Come on, let's just go to your place.
 Shouldn't we talk to him? Have you learned nothing in six years?
 Want me to make you some tea?
 So, cocoa?
 Oh, teacher! Me! Me!
 Oh, no, no, no, I know this. Uh, hot apple cider with cinnamon sticks?
 Come on, Sheldon, we're going to be late.
 You're not sick. You just don't want to face Kripke.
 128.
 What did you do, put this in your tea?
 Sheldon, Kripke's not smarter than you. You just got stuck on a wrong path. Happened to Einstein. He got stuck on the unified field theory for decades.
 Sheldon Lee Cooper, I do not have time for this nonsense. Now, go put your clothes on, get in the car, and lets go to work.
 How did I do that? I got to remember how I did that.
 Is my coitus whimsically inventive?
 I know you're joking, but I'd be okay with that.
 We don't ask Sheldon things like that.
 All right, we're down the rabbit hole. What are you doing?
 Now you know how I feel when I have to put it on you.
 Ow!
 I don't know why I avoided the Harry Potter books for so long. These are great. I just started number six.
 Why would you say that?
 That was a huge spoiler.
 What is wrong with you? If I did that, you'd bitch about it for weeks.
 Hissy fits? I have hissy fits?
 You are unbelievable. I don't know why I put up with you. You're controlling, you're irritating.
 You know what? Screw you, Sheldon. You are the most annoying person I have ever met.
 That's it. I don't, I don't have to put up with this.
 Aw. Here's what I think of your roommate agreement.
 No.
 I don't care. I don't have to do anything you say because I don't think I want to live here anymore.
 To live with Penny and not you, you crazy bastard.
 Yes.
 What?
 I swear, that man is the most egotistical, insufferable human being I have ever met.
 Well, I've had it. I am done. I can't, I can't live with him for one more minute.
 I was thinking here with you.
 That a problem?
 He's got Amy now.
 Why?
 Harry and Ginny get together?
 Please, the only thing he needs me for is to be his whipping boy, his, his stooge, his doormat.
 Wow. It sounds to me like you don't want us to live together.
 Is it? We're together all the time. Financially, it makes great sense. Can you think of one reason why we shouldn't do this?
 Yeah.
 Great. I'll go get my stuff.
 Oh, could you clear off a shelf for me in the bathroom? I take a lot of medicine.
 What do you want?
 Is that so?
 Cut to the chase, Sheldon.
 Oh, get this, suddenly, Sheldon wants me back because Amy wants to move in with him.
 Well, too late, pal. I'm not going anywhere. Penny and I are very happy living together. Isn't that right?
 Well, if he doesn't want to live with her, then he should tell her how he feels.
 I'm sorry, Sheldon. I can't help you. Oh, spoiler alert, this door's about to slam in your face.
 Since when don't you want to live with me?
 'Kay.
 No.
 Hmm?
 You're kidding. Did you Heimlich him?
 You're a hero.
 Oh, yeah, speaking of work, do you know if you have Thursday night off?
 What do you mean, why? It's Valentine's Day.
 You could be a little more into it.
 Okay, well, this time it's going to be different. Because I am like a romance ninja. You don't see it coming, and then bam, romance, watch out, hearts, kisses, love, ooh-ya!
 Hey, you coming to lunch?
 What you looking at?
 You can't find a card that says that?
 Oh, that's cool.
 From her micro-husband. That is amazing. How long did this take you?
 Oh, wow.
 Oh, I'm going to take her to a nice restaurant for dinner.
 Want to come to dinner with us?
 Waugh, romance ninja.
 Mmm, would you like some wine?
 Uh, where what is?
 Trying to have a magical night here, guys.
 What?
 No, tell me.
 Oh.
 You're kidding.
 I know it's not ideal, but don't let them ruin our night.
 That's the spirit.
 Yeah.
 Two can play this game. Penny'
 All right.
 Isn't it kind of nice? I mean, he was with the wrong person, and now he found the right person.
 You know what? Why don't we just forget about them and enjoy our Valentine's Day?
 I thought we were letting it go.
 Um, it did end happy for you. You're here with me.
 Okay, this is getting a little hard to not take personally.
 Oh, I'm not. It's about you.
 This one does, and you're the reason why.
 Yep. You know what? That was pretty crappy of you. I mean, all I wanted to do was give you a great night, and it's like you-you went out of your way to destroy it.
 I'm not saying that.
 Fine, you win. You're a bitch. Why couldn't we just have a nice time?
 Okay, you're gonna have to make a lot more sense than that.
 Glaringly obvious. Go on.
 Okay. I know I propose a lot. So how about this? I promise I will never ask you to marry me again.
 No. No, no, no, no. But if someday you decide you want to get married, you have to propose to me.
 Yes. It's all on you. But I got to tell you, when the time comes, I want the whole nine yards. I want you down on one knee, flowers, I want to be swept off my feet.
 And I'm cool with surprises. But nothing on a Jumbotron. I don't want to cry on a big screen like that.
 You do?
 Yes?
 Sorry. Maybe next year. I'm just kidding. Romance ninja. Let's have sex. Waugh!
 Don't look under that rock. 
 Come on, buddy, open up.
 Whoa.
 Nope, just, just, whoa.
 Raj, what's going on?
 Yeah, you can't stay in your apartment for the rest of your life.
 Lobsters overnight?
 The surf and turf sounds good. See if they have corn on the cob.
 I don't know.
 So, Amy, what's going on with your addiction study?
 Why? What happened?
 I'm sorry. That I asked.
 Uh, hang on. Empty your pockets.
 You know why. The Nintendo DS. And the PSP. Now the Gameboy.
 Well, is that all of it? 
 She's pretty good, huh?
 She really is.
 Look, I know you guys don't want to do this, but we have no choice. So, you can either bitch and whine or we can just get it over with.
 Yeah, well, it's in our contract to serve on a university committee. And frankly, this is one I believe in. Okay, here we go. Encouraging more women to pursue a career in the sciences.
 Helping women? Y
 Oh, like yesterday, when you made me drive you to the dry cleaners, the pharmacy and the post office?
 You don't think it's worthwhile to try to get more women working in science.
 You mean where they were advanced enough to invent an interstellar warp drive, but a black lady still answered the space phone?
 Yes, I know, you're too smart for this.
 Got it. All right, I'm thinking one way to counter bias in the peer-review process, is for papers to be submitted under gender-neutral names. Like S. Smith instead of Samantha Smith.
 Guys, please don't make this a school project where I'm the smart kid doing all the work while the slackers sit back and watch.
 Guys, our topic is encouraging women in science, can you at least play a less sexist game
 Sheldon, you're always saying how much smarter you are than me. Spend five seconds and come up with one idea on how to get more women into science.
 That's actually good. Why didn't I think of that?
 I wonder if there's a way we could give the idea a trial run.
 That's great, try to set up something for the three of us to go over there.
 It's nice of your old school to let us try out our science talk on some female students.
 And now you're also an astronaut.
 Okay, who's ready for some science? Me, too. Okay, I am Dr. Leonard Hofstadter. I am here with my friends Dr. Cooper and real-life astronaut Howard Wolowitz, and we are going to show you girls how cool a job in science can be. How cool, you ask? Well, how about negative 273 degrees, 'cause that's the temperature at which entropy reaches its minimum value. Did I just learn something new and have fun doing it? What? All right. So now let's bring out theoretical physicist Dr. Sheldon Cooper.
 Alright, alright. Boy, we are learning a lot here, huh? Thank you, astronaut Howard. Um, I am what's called an experimental physicist, which is super-fun, because I get to test theories and work with lasers. Yes?
 Uh, excellent question. Um, I suppose I've always been into science, you know. My mother and father are scientists, so I was kind of led in that direction. Uh, pushed might be a better way to describe it. To be honest with you guys, when I was your age, I wanted to be a rap star. Like Snoop Dogg, but with a healthy respect for the police. Yeah, no, sure, you laugh. Just like my mother did. After I confided, I was derided and chided, my moms and I collided. She said my dreams were misguided. That's just a little freestyle.
 I never wanted to play the cello. How do you meet girls playing the cello? Hey, you want to come over to my house and listen to me play an instrument that sounds like a suicidal bumblebee?
 Hey, how was your' what?
 I had no choice. He kept kicking the back of my seat.
 Sheldon, come on. It's getting late. Time to go.
 That's what you said five minutes ago. Amy and Penny are already in the car. Let's move it.
 Sheldon, it's, wait, I can go home without you? Bye.
 You know, when I first met Howard, he would pull his scrotum out of his shorts and say, aw, I sat in gum.
 Well, it's just kind of weird how grown up he is now. Happily married guy throwing dinner parties.
 Trying to paint a picture.
 Mm, you know, we could throw a dinner party, too. Maybe even ask everyone to get dressed up.
 Yeah. Although'
 Actually, all I did was invite you.
 I'm thinking you need a testosterone patch. Penny and I just want to do something low-key. You know, cocktails, light jazz music, hors d'oeuvres.
 Hey, where have you been?
 One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten. I meant, golly, Sheldon, you've been gone a long time.
 What information?
 Fine, then that.
 As is the company.
 Hey, uh, listen, everybody. Before Howard gets here, et's all just agree to not bring up the letter from his father.
 Same here.
 You know, too.
 When you left, you weren't sure whether or not you wanted to know what was in your dad's letter, so we came up with kind of a cool solution.
 Raj, you're up.
 Sheldon.
 Amy.
 Penny.
 Okay, my turn. Your dad wrote about how family is the most important thing, and that you should never throw it away like he did.
 Bernadette.
 So, which one do you think it is, matey?
 Well, one of them is.
 Yeah, cool.
 Yeah, I think so.
 I was reading about this jellyfish that never dies. Instead, it reverts to its asexual state and then grows up again.
 My point is, immortality is not only a possibility, it is real.
 Oh, my God.
 No. I mean, I'll apply, but I'm not gonna stoop to playing politics.
 Excuse me, but I think I'm just as qualified as you are.
 Yup.
 Mm, not really.
 I just keep thinking about how cool it would be if I called my mom and told her that I got tenure at Caltech.
 Oh, very. Assuming she takes my call.
 I'm not gonna schmooze anybody. I'm gonna let my work speak for itself.
 Thank you. I'm a naive idiot, right?
 Hey-hey-hey-hey-hey. Mrs. Davis.
 Hey.
 Yeah. Just thought I'd come down and start getting ready for swimsuit season.
 Not that you need it. I bet you look great in a swimsuit.
 I've got what my father used to call furniture disease. My chest is falling into my drawers. I'm not, uh, familiar with this model. How do I make it start?
 Right. This one might be broken.
 Got it. Oh. There. Oh, yeah. Yeah, now I'm feeling it. Oh, this is great. I could do this for the rest of my life. Hey, speaking, speaking of things you do for the rest of your life, uh, did I read that you're on that-that tenure committee?
 Well, I'm sure you have a lot of good applicants, I just wanted to say hi and let you know that I'll be throwing my hat in the ring.
 Yeah.
 Go away.
 Well, look at that. Burned a whole calorie.
 Oh, if you, if you like banana bread, I've got a-a great recipe. The trick is in, in fresh ground, I'll e-mail it to you.
 That's enough cardio for me. I'm just gonna stretch out before I hit the weights.
 Call someone.
 Gentlemen.
 Nurse's office.
 Asthma, heart, some kind of attack. I'm fine, though.
 Probably not.
 Do anything interesting today?
 Wait, Sheldon's going to be there? We all promised we weren't going to go.
 I know. I was hoping to go without anyone finding out.
 Oh, that's nice, but it-it's just gonna be a room full of boring old men and I'm not sure how much help you'd be.
 Oh, yeah. No. Thanks, that would be great help. You realize you might kill some of them.
 Well, well, well, Sheldon, fancy meeting you here. I guess the train store in Glendale wasn't having a cotillion after all. And you, you said you weren't coming here, either.
 Do it.
 Way to hit 'em with both barrels.
 Okay, okay. Guys, what are we doing here?
 Oh, you do what you want, but I don't want to lose my friends over tenure. Friends are forever.
 I'm just gonna go home and let my work speak for itself.
 How about it, Sheldon?
 No. We cannot lose to that jerk.
 Yeah. Uh, maybe we were hacked. You know, the Chinese have been hacking everything lately.
 I don't know. It's a fat guy on a Segway. That's funny everywhere.
 You know, if you're trying to make space on the DVR, why don't you just get rid of some of the stuff you've already watched? Like, um, Alphas.
 There is no season three. They cancelled that show.
 They did.
 Oh, please, don't do that.
 Ah, don't. If they didn't want to be yelled at by crazy nerds, they shouldn't have started a sci-fi channel.
 With all the TV Sheldon was talking about, I had the greatest idea ever. It even blows away my idea for a Star Wars themed coffee shop called Brewbacca's. You need to watch Buffy the Vampire Slayer. It is the perfect show for the two of us. It's got action and jokes and hot vampires and romance. I cannot oversell this. What do you say?
 I thought you grew up on a farm.
 So, did you love it? Of course you loved it. How could you not love it? Tell me how much you loved it.
 Oh, don't say cute. That's the worst.
 It just makes things seem small. It diminishes them.
 You can try, but nobody's gonna believe you. I just, I don't understand how you can watch a show that great and not be excited by it.
 Well, then, tell your face.
 You know what? Never mind. We gave it a shot. Let's just see what else is on.
 Well'
 Really?
 All right, cool. I think you'll like the next one better. All the cheerleaders are suffering from an evil curse.
 The Harmony One was fine. We didn't need to upgrade to the eleven hundred, which he knows is too big for my hand.
 Oh, my cute little tushy strikes again.
 Those things can still happen.
 That's a big deal.
 So, does that mean we get to do stuff like talk about cool shows or get dressed up in matching costumes and go to Comic-Con?
 The interface is pretty simple. You put your horizontal X coordinate here, vertical Y coordinate here. When you're happy with those, you press this button.
 Nice shot.
 You're kidding. He's still alive?
 He was the host of this great' Hey!
 It was pretty cool.
 Hire him to do what?
 It would be pretty awesome to hang out with him. I just used awesome wrong, didn't I?
 Do you remember his old theme song?
 You're kidding.
 And he wrote him a cheque.
 Yes.
 Great.
 Well, I can, so shut up.
 Sheldon, you know that if you stay up all night, you're gonna be sleepy tomorrow. And a sleepy Sheldon is a cranky Sheldon. And a cranky Sheldon is actually no different than a regular Sheldon. Good night.
 That's not ridiculous. Good night.
 No.
 Okay, good night.
 What?
 Where is he?
 Mr. Jeffries, I am so sorry. We should've told you about the broken elevator.
 Actually, he's a genius.
 Mr. Jeffries, I'm, I'm Leonard. This is my girlfriend, Penny.
 Yes, sir.
 We just wanted to hang out with you and maybe learn a little about your life.
 That's too bad. But still, working with kids, it must be rewarding.
 Then what is it?
 I bet there are important discoveries being made every day because you inspired millions of kids to pursue science. In a way, their discoveries are your discoveries.
 It's important you know how much you mean to us.
 I'll, I'll call for help.
 You want one of us to go with you in the ambulance?
 I'm sorry things turned out this way.
 It's gonna get crazy.
 I've got my helm of lordly might, my boots of speed, and if things get too exciting, my inhaler of asthma.
 Yeah?
 Oh, that's nice. But relax, sometimes change is good. Uh, you were worried about Zachary Quinto being the new Spock, but you wound up liking him.
 See, Howard's just as good a dungeon master as I am.
 Hey, hey, hey, you can't leave. We just started.
 I push my shoulder against the secret door to see if it gives way.
 Hey, I always did sound effects. A-A swarm of bloodthirsty bats fly through the dungeon. 
 No, no, no, Amy, wait. I know it's not the night you had in mind, but why don't you guys stay and play with us? It'll be fun.
 What's the big deal? Raj bailed, so we could use some extra players.
 So, what do you say?
 Double potion, please.
 I draw my broadsword.
 Yeah.
 All right, Amy, there's one ogre left. Take him out.
 All right, Amy, it's your turn. We need one more hit. Finish him off.
 Ooh! Sorry, I thought you were gonna do that.
 Hey, you guys have been in there for a while. You doing okay?
 Oh, that sounds romantic.
 So, are we ever gonna hang out with this girl?
 How's that been working for you?
 I have a job.
 Well, do you really think I have a shot?
 He knows, wow.
 What do you think?
 Interesting that you would bring that up when I might go work on a boat.
 I know what you're doing. You don't want me going on this research trip because you're afraid to be alone.
 Sheldon.
 Look, I appreciate your signature blend of concern for me and incredible selfishness. If I get the chance to do this, there is nothing you can say that's going to stop me.
 Oh, that's awful.
 So, listen, do you remember when I said the similarities of the equations of general relativity and hydrodynamics suggest you could find the equivalent of Unruh radiation in a large body of water?
 Anyway, Stephen Hawking's team is looking into that, and I've been invited to join them.
 Well, it is. Just, you know, I'd be gone for a while.
 Three, four months.
 Couple of weeks.
 That's the thing, you can't. I'll be on a ship in the North Sea.
 Uh, he's not gonna be there. He's just sending a team to research his theory.
 Yeah. And I'm a little worried because things between us have been so great, and I'd hate to do anything that screws that up.
 Okay. I'll confirm the travel arrangements in the morning.
 I do have to ask you one favour.
 Sheldon's nervous about me leaving. Just keep an eye on him while I'm gone.
 Well, flush Sheldon down the toilet and get me a new one.
 Really, you guys do not need to throw me a going-away party.
 There's beer in the fridge. Anyway, you guys really don't need to make a big deal.
 Oh. Thank you, Raj. I'd be honoured.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I know. As far as science goes, this is the adventure of a lifetime.
 It's not a competition.
 Thank you, Sheldon. That must've been very hard for you to say.
 Yep. I'm really gonna miss you.
 Anyway, we can e-mail, and I think the phone connections are pretty good.
 Would you just relax?
 Yeah.
 I'm covered.
 Calm down. I'm getting out. I have something I want to give you.
 I love you, too.
 Sheldon, it's not a great time, what do you want?
 What is it?
 So?
 Sheldon, I got to go inside. It's getting rough out here.
 What was what?
 Okay, I'm hanging up now. You know there's no such thing as a k' 
 Penny? Hey, it's Penny. Everybody say hi to Penny.
 Best time of my life. 
 Is it? Hey, everybody, it's five thirty in the morning!
 Uh-oh, hang on.
 No, it's a drinking game. Whenever we see an iceberg, we take a shot!
 Keep your voice down.
 We finished the experiment early, so I thought I'd come home and surprise you.
 I didn't tell Sheldon, so we could have a few days alone.
 Uh, sure, that's why I did it.
 And this is me doing the Titanic pose on the boat.
 And, oh, that's me getting rescued after I fell in.
 Yep. Here's some money.
 And I'm gonna hit the head. That's what us salty sea dogs say when we have to go pee-pee.
 I'm sorry, Sheldon. I should've told you I was back. I just wanted to have a couple days alone with Penny.
 That is not fair. I complain about what a burden it is at least once a month.
 I actually have used those exact words before. In that order.
 The what?
 Come on, I said I was sorry.
 Come on, this is silly. Hey, um, I brought you back a little present from my trip, huh? It's that sailor cap that you wanted. It's neat, huh?
 I don't. I really don't. Just try it on. Oh, yeah.
 Good morning.
 So am I driving you to work or are you still mad at me?
 Where do you think I would take you?
 I'm going to work. You can come if you want.
 No, I don't.
 I didn't make it back. The ship sank, I'm in hell.
 Why would anyone claim to be from New Jersey if they weren't?
 Hey, I said I was sorry. What else do you want from me?
 Fine. What I did was wrong.
 You know what? I'm not driving you to work, because you're incredibly annoying.
 Stop it.
 Bye.
 So now we're just waiting for the data from the ship to be crunched, but the numbers look pretty promising.
 You know what? You're a crazy person.
 Okay.
 I thought the measures were going to be the stars of the show, turns out it was the weights.
 Um, since when can Koothrappali talk in front of the girls without a beer?
 And no one told me?
 Oh, yeah. We were meaning to do that.
 Great. 
 Aw.
 We did them at Princeton, too.
 Oh, these are a little different. There's a tradition at elite universities'
 A tradition of hunts full of puzzles that rely on logic and obscure knowledge, science.
 I think it sounds fun.
 What's all this?
 You really think he's gonna send us to a bowling alley?
 It's not funny.
 Ha-ha.
 Couples sounds great. Or we could mix things up. Maybe pick names out of a hat. Whatever.
 I just said, couples sound great.
 All right, let's, let's do couples. I want to.
 Stop yelling at me.
 Do you think Penny's mad at me?
 No, because I didn't want her on my team.
 Geez, I never realized you were so competitive.
 I have asthma. Back off.
 Hey, Penny, I just wanted to say good luck, and I hope there's no hard feelings.
 Relax, it's a hard puzzle. It's gonna take a while to solve.
 Wait, I got it. I got it/
 You're really mean, you know that?
 Um, I'm okay with you driving my car. I'm not okay with you flying my car.
 Uh-huh. Like death?
 Penny's not answering my texts.
 This stupid game is why she's mad in the first place. I'm telling her I'm quitting.
 Why?
 What does she think I am?
 I can't believe she would say that about me.
 Call me a lady part. We'll see about that.
 Almost.
 Got it.
 Yeah, Penny might be onto something.
 To the tar pits.
 The clue must be in the bag.
 It's just a bunch of pants.
 Well, why would you want to be on someone's team who you like to call a, I can't even say it in front of Sheldon.
 You know exactly what I'm talking about.
 Why would you do that?
 Hey, I am every bit as much of a man as Penny. Now, let's do this.
 This one is, too.
 Wasn't the answer Sheldon's spot?
 Are you kidding me?
 Hey.
 Yeah, but Sheldon and Amy were having date night and they don't need me there to make it awkward. They have each other for that. So, how was school?
 You bought my mom's book?
 Oh, come on. Not that book. It, it's got, like, every horrible story from my childhood in it.
 Seriously, please find another book.
 There, there's chapters about potty training, and bed-wetting and masturbation. Basically, if something came out of me, she wrote about it. You know what? Do whatever you want, just don't talk to me about it.
 It was not a crisis. Apparently, I favoured the left one, she got a little lopsided.
 Why are you reading Pride and Prejudice?
 Actually, they were only digging in the wrong place because Indy had the medallion. Without him, they would have had the medallion and dug in the right place.
 No.
 They weren't boobies, they were muscles. And the make-up was green. I was pretending to be The Hulk.
 That was to keep my muscles from sagging. Can we please stop talking about this?
 Okay, fine. Do you want to know why I dressed like The Hulk? Because I was always mad at my mom and I wanted to smash my way out of that house.
 Gee, I don't know. Maybe it's because I was always the subject of her little experiments. Did you get to the chapter where she staged the Easter egg hunt with no eggs to see how long I'd keep looking? The answer, by the way, June.
 I do, too, but there's not.
 Of course, who am I to argue with a check-plus student? Just warning you, I'm gonna go right. Don't make a big deal out of it.
 Whatcha doin'?
 So you're looking to ruin something for her in the funny pages?
 Mm-hmm. And?
 Maybe they fell in love with him as a puppy and didn't know how big he was gonna be.
 Sorry, buddy.
 I'll see you later. I gotta go watch a stupid football game with Penny.
 I gotta go.
 You ready to go?
 Some sports bar. It's like they never even heard of Quidditch. Do we really have to go?
 Well, you're, you're right. Let's just go.
 Nothing, I'm fine.
 No. Not everything is about my mom. 
 Except this is totally about my mom.
 That sounds nice. Yeah.
 Or, you know, we could get take-out and watch the Blu-ray extended version of The Hobbit movie with commentary track. On account of how sad I am about my mom.
 One sec. Hey. Sorry.
 I'll try, but I might be sad again tonight.
 Leave it alone. That's my girlfriend.
 Who just had sex with me at work.
 Well, whenever I talk about how awful my mom was, Penny will do anything to make me feel better.
 Look, I mean, I'm not proud of it, but it does work. I got her to watch a six-part documentary on Monty Python. Even I was bored, I just wanted to see if she'd make it to the end.
 I am, I'm really proud.
 Hey, I was just' what is happening?
 Oh, oh, I have. So bad.
 Uh-huh, I can already feel it working.
 Mom?
 I' uh'
 Oh, please, Mommy. No, Mommy.
 I didn't dream that?
 Penny, come back. I'm sad for real now.
 Although, technically, Indy was supposed to take the ark to a museum to be studied. He couldn't even get that done.
 Your father's a gynaecologist.
 No, no, I think it'll be great. Maybe next time he gets conjunctivitis at work, she can hold his head and try to put the drops in his eyes. Giant baby.
 Yeah, I know.
 Please let me be there when you tell her that.
 Please, oh, please, just let me be there.
 Nailed it.
 So, boys, how was the pyjama party? You guys jump on the bed and sing into hair brushes?
 Hey.
 That was kind of icy. You two okay?
 Smart. Take relationship advice from a man who spent last night braiding Raj's hair.
 It's nine o'clock, where you been?
 I did not.
 I thought Amy was gonna drive you home.
 Sheldon, I've known you a long time, and I'm going to tell you this with all the love I can possibly muster. Amy's right. You're wrong.
 Doesn't matter.
 Doesn't matter.
 Laser's warmed up.
 No, no, what are you doing? He's both happy and quiet. It's like seeing a unicorn and Bigfoot at the same time.
 Aw.
 It's really sweet what Howard wants to do for Bernadette.
 Well, for starters, you've broken up with me so many times, which first date are we talking about?
 And besides, I do romantic things for you all the time. Can you even name one romantic thing you've done for me?
 Sex doesn't count.
 Well, I took you there. All you did was'
 It's fine. And also not true.
 That's beautiful. Is that Shakespeare?
 He'll figure it out when he falls off the roof.
 Sheldon, I know you're in the zone, but do you want some tea? All right, I can't believe I'm gonna say this, but you haven't spoken in hours and I'm starting to get worried. Please say something.
 Nope, it was better before.
 Holy crap, Sheldon, did you just figure out a method for synthesizing a new stable super-heavy element?
 Yeah, definitely better before.
 If by cool you mean willing to, yes. If by cool you mean cool, clearly you've never seen me play the cello.
 Sheldon, that's incredible.
 Good to know.
: You got to stop beating yourself up over this. I mean, you made a mistake, but it was a happy mistake.
 Oh, people get things they don't deserve all the time. Look at me with you. 
 Buddy, I don't think you can. I mean, once it's out there, it's out there. This thing is like the science equivalent of a sex tape.
 You don't know what a sex tape is, do you?
 We'll be there.
 I will not.
 Invite them to live with us.
 Yeah. It must be nice to have someone do something so romantic.
 Actually, it can be, but I told you sex doesn't count.
 Hey, I get that you feel bad about all the attention, but still, what you did is amazing. We're really proud of you.
 Oh, my God, is she okay?
 Oh, no.
 I have to say, this is the best Top Ramen you've ever made.
 Stop it, you're gonna make me cry. All right. You seem pretty confident.
 Oh, rose petals.
 You made the bed? You really are pulling out all the stops.
 Oh, wow.
 This is great. It, thank you, it's, so much.
 Nothing. I love it.
 It's true, I did. I did say that. When we were at the used bookstore together and I saw the first edition and I bought it.
 No, no, it's okay. It's really thoughtful.
 I can't believe you saved all this stuff.
 Come here.
 Is that a pregnancy test?
 That's because you've never seen him on restock the medicine cabinet day.
 Oh, Gas-X has a new ultra strength. I guess they really do read their mail.
 Oh, yeah.
 Oh, maybe we shouldn't bother him.
 He thinks there's a difference.
 Dr. Jeffries, hello again. Leonard Hofstadter.
 No, she's not.
 Sheldon.
 Hey, Sheldon, let's go mock the people buying homeopathic medicine, you love that.
 What's up?
 Hey, I got an email from Professor Proton.
 He's working on a paper about nano vacuum tubes, and wants to know if I'd take a look at it.
 If you would have told me when I was a kid that someday I would be doing science next to Professor Proton, I would not have believed you.
 I'm sorry, Dr. Jeffries, I'm just excited. This nano vacuum tube idea of yours is, it's really interesting.
 Why is it odd?
 Mr. Nye, hello. I'm sorry he got you involved in this nonsense.
 Oh, uh, we're making nano vacuum tubes.
 Okay, we're almost ready to go. Once we bond the wires, we can test the tubes.
 Oh, God.
 Sheldon just sent me a picture of him and Bill Nye getting smoothies.
 Yeah, sure.
 Oh, uh, you know, because we're friends.
 Wow, you ask really hard questions.
 Look, I know he can be aggravating, but what you have to remember is that he's not doing it on purpose. It's just how he is. But he's also loyal and trustworthy and we have fun together.
 He did bite me once. But in his defence, I came up behind him while he was eating, so'
 You know what, Sheldon is the smartest person I have ever met. And he's a little broken and he needs me. I guess I need him, too.
 Boy, you will not let this go, will you? Oh, jeez.
 No, I have to go pick him up. Bill Nye ditched him at the smoothie place.
 He can't help it. He can't. He really can't.
 Sure.
 Oh, uh, we played, once. I broke a window.
 That one over there.
 Skee-Ball tickets?
 Uh, if I still have them, they're probably in the junk box.
 Yup, oh, here you go.
 Oh. I forgot about this. My aunt made it for me when I started college.
 Why? Because I got an ugly, itchy sweater, and my brother got a car? No, I was her favorite.
 Hmm, I think I got them all. Nope, they're not in there.
 No, no, no, I, I looked, and there's, there's, there's no more tickets.
 Okay, okay. I'm gonna show you what's in the box. But just promise not to flip out.
 Okay, Sheldon, I know I was supposed to return this DVD a long time ago, and I know we rented it on your card. But it's been, like, seven years and clearly nothing bad has happened. So in-in-in-instead of being a giant pain in the ass like you always are, what if this one time you just tried staying calm?
 I'm sorry. I'll, I'll take care of it.
 I mean it, I'm going to.
 And you're going to stay calm?
 How about that? Sheldon's being reasonable.
 So, when you say you're not going to freak out about the DVD, here's what that means. Don't fixate on it. Don't wake me up in the middle of the night. Or nag me through the door while I'm on the toilet.
 When I broke my arm I used to stick a coat hanger down there. You ever try that? Maybe go in through the ear?
 Well, I don't know how to do that.
 That's stupid. Why?
 I'm telling you, try the hanger.
 You got it. If this sweater shuts you up, I'm gonna make a fortune selling them to everyone we know. Now all I need to do is head down to the video store and return the DVD.
 Really?
 No.
 No.
 It's called proving a point.
 Monday morning I'll go downtown, look up the owner's information and send him the DVD. Pay the late fee, and prove to Sheldon that you can have a problem and solve it without acting like a complete lunatic. Ah!
 Well, Sheldon, it took me all morning, but I found the owner of the video store. And I am happy to report that he died peacefully in his sleep, drunk at the bottom of a pool. Anyway, there is no one to return the DVD to, so this issue is resolved. Ah! And I'd just like to point out that even though the sweater was uncomfortable, I didn't use it as an excuse to antagonize everyone around me.
 Or it's resolved.
 Oh, I'm just trying to find the stupid next of kin to this stupid video store owner so I can return the DVD and see the look on Sheldon's stupid face when he sees that I didn't let this get to me.
 There's a principle at stake.
 Oh, I don't know. Who cares? Look at me.
 No, no, honey, if I take it off, Sheldon wins.
 No, it's, it's almost done. I just, I have to find the next of kin, and send 'em the DVD and then just wait for someone with my complexion to die so I can get a skin graft.
 What is that? What is that for?
 Okay, Sheldon, I am out of options. Video store owner, Nursis Manookian, has no next of kin.
 Oh, oh, no, no. It's because I spent all afternoon at the Armenian church where his funeral mass was held. According to Father Solakian, no one attended. Luckily, my trip wasn't a complete waste. I lit a candle and prayed for your death but I'm not Armenian, so it probably won't work. This is over, right?
 Listen to me, Sheldon. I am not going to Lebanon to return Super Mario Brothers the movie.
 Why isn't this bothering you? Isn't your brain getting itchy? This is on your card. This could be ruining your credit score. Why isn't this making you crazy?
 What?
 What?
 Aaaah! I, you, how can, what!
 The math is all there. It's not real.
 Were you drunk?
 I think you're the one who fell over.
 It'd actually be nice to not hear Sheldon complain about my cooking all day.
 I want to go.
 You did?
 Wait, you went to a chapel?
 Why? 
 Penny, you know those are real, right?
 Yeah, they are.
 Yeah, they are.
 I can't believe you're married to that idiot.
 Well, a goof or not, you're actually married. You need to get this taken care of.
 I'm hoping you can get an annulment. It's just like it never happened.
 Oh, she's mad at me because she just found out she's married to Zack.
 Okay, I found the, uh, court papers that you and Zack need to fill out. I'll print them when we get home.
 And we can just put this whole thing behind us.
 What?
 Why are you mad at me? You're the one that did the stupid thing. I'm just trying to fix it.
 Wuh, Penny.
 How am I the bad guy? She's the one who married someone else. I'm the victim.
 Sure.
 Wait, you invited him here?
 Come on.
 I just don't understand why you invited him here today.
 Well, you might have to cook for one more because she invited Zack.
 Sorry she made you come over here on a holiday.
 Yeah, uh, you guys have to sign here and here. On Monday, we'll file for the annulment, and this marriage will be over.
 Why won't you sign it?
 You married him instead of me? Good call. Sign the papers.
 That is not true.
 You're the one who invited him here.
 Yeah, well, she's not gonna be your wife for long.
 I'm sorry, too.
 Of course you're not. People love trained monkeys.
 Hey, you're in a good mood.
 Well, you're about to be in an even better one. I didn't want to say anything until I knew for sure, but, I've been re-running the tests on your element in my lab and I disproved it. Your element does not exist.
 Yeah, it turns out someone added simulated signals to the data files. They faked the results.
 Yes. Do you know what that means? That means all of this attention that you hate goes away.
 No, it's all over.
 Well, you're welcome.
 What?
 I, I don't understand. All you've done since you discovered this stupid element was complain. I was trying to make you happy.
 Oh, there is no winning with you. And koalas and otters don't even live near each other.
 The, the element never existed. I didn't take it away, science took it away. Be mad at science.
 Will you tell him he's out of his mind.
 Okay, Sheldon, what do you want me to do, hide the information? If I don't publish it, it's just a matter of time before someone else does.
 Fine, I'll publish.
 Hey. I just wanted to let you know that I, I posted my findings.
 These things happen all the time, Sheldon.
 Come on, don't give him a hard time.
 It's not a big deal.
 Okay, Barry, that's enough.
 I can't believe they kicked you out. 
 Oh, relax, she's in her crate. She can't get out.
 Thanks.
 Well'
 He asked me.
 As I was saying'
 Sheldon.
 Sheldon, this interview is supposed to be about me.
 Oh, I hope it's just a sprain. I cannot walk into that E.R. with another video game injury.
 Where?
 Is someone sick?
 Well, congrats, and it's nice you're gonna be there for your sister.
 All right, here's the deal. Sheldon is gone, so the tree decorating rules are out the window.
 And I'm happy to report its kickstarter campaign is holding strong at zero dollars.
 I know, it's crazy. Welcome to the Thunderdome, people. 
 I love it.
 But it is what you got me last year.
 And last night.
 Hey, buddy.
 
 You don't know that. I've been going to the Cheesecake Factory for years. I could have picked her up. 
 No.
 I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna ask her out.
 Watch me.
 I, uh, ah, um, I'
 You guys are making me nervous.
 I will. Excuse me.
 Hi, uh, um, I'm Leonard?
 No, I am he. Uh, any, anyway, um, there's been something I've wanted to ask you for a long time. Um.
 Eh, uh, well, I was wondering, if you're not too busy, um, uh, if, if you'd be interested in telling me where the restroom is?
 Come on, I would not have peed my pants.
 But, you forget, I did ask you out in real life.
 You know, maybe you and I wouldn't be together, but you wouldn't have done so great yourself.
 Because I know exactly the kind of guy you would've ended up with.
 Oh, hold on.
 The end.
 Hey, Sheldon sent us all an e-mail. Happy holidays from Texas. And there's pictures. Aah! Don't open them. Do not open them.
 Disagree.
 That's enough.
 Oh, good. Is the baby born yet?
 We talked about it, but Howard was in a pretty serious relationship with his mom.
 Oh, this guy wanted a place of his own because he was sure he was gonna be a ladies' man.
ard: Coming.
 Hang on. Why would I be fat?
 Why can't you be fat, too?
ard: What do you want to do for dessert?
ard: No, there's not.
 Well, good for you, buddy. We'll let you get back in there.
 I'm telling you, Sheldon cares for you more than you think.
 Hang on, I'm gonna give you a little early Christmas present. I'm gonna show you something, but if you ever told Sheldon he'd probably never speak to me again. So, if you want to tell him, that's fine. Look.
 He made you his screensaver.
 Oh, well, it's you, Swamp Thing, Stephen Hawking, Spider-Man, but, look, you're in the mix.
 Oh, Madame Curie.
ard: I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna ask her out.
ard: Uh, your phone number and one more cheesecake.
 Absolutely.
 What happened?
 What? That's great. Guys.
 That's amazing.
 So it, it's just flirting?
 Uh, no reason. I just think it's sexier when things are left to the imagination.
 Is it true even when the man lets his dog lick peanut butter off his tongue?
 It's a joke.
 No. Do you?
 I take it back. That was funny.
 I bet that bit killed at The Chuckle Hut.
 You know, I think we're zeroing in on your problem.
 Are you set on people laughing with you? 'Cause if you're cool with at you'
 I'm so proud of you.
 I know, but you're going to be a TV star and you haven't left me yet. That takes guts.
 What's wrong?
 Oh, Penny, I'm, I'm sorry. 
 How you doing?
 You still got the part. That's a huge accomplishment.
 Honey, you only had, like, three lines. That wasn't gonna happen anyway.
 Oh, come on, no, that's not what I meant.
 I don't, look, you know, words don't always have to mean things.
 Nope. Uh, uh, I might not know what I meant, but I know that I didn't mean that. Not this guy. Oh, no way.
 Right.
 Yes.
 Honestly?
 I don't.
 I don't know, I got all confused when you said honestly.
 Look, do I think that you are talented and that you are beautiful? Of course I do. But isn't Los Angeles full of actresses who are just as talented, just as beautiful? All right, look, we'll come back to that.
 That is not what I said. Look, I think you're really good. I truly do. But this is an incredibly hard thing that you're shooting for. I mean, the odds of anyone becoming a successful actor are like a million to one.
 Should've let Sheldon come.
 Hey. Can we talk?
 That was really crappy of me. What you're trying to do is hard, but people do make it, and I really do believe you could be one of them.
 And to show you how much I believe in you, I kind of got you an audition.
 The new Star Wars movie.
 There's this thing online, you put yourself on tape and just send it in, anyone can do it.
 So? Even if it is, you have a huge advantage because you're an actual actress. Most of the people doing this are just weirdoes and nerds. Wolowitz sent his in two days ago.
 Look, maybe it is a long shot, but sometimes long shots happen. Luke Skywalker was only given one chance to destroy the Death Star. He had to get a torpedo into an exhaust port that was only two meters wide, but with the help of The Force, he' wow, I can feel you hating me right now.
 Yeah, I'll call you back.
 Well, I don't think you called it idiotic.
 Come on. It's okay.
 No, you're not.
 Okay, listen to me, this is just a minor setback.
 Well, you have me.
 What?
 Um'
 Look, you know I love you but, but you're, you're drunk and sad and feeling lost.
 That is not what I said.
 Really not a good time.
 Penny, don't.
 To my room.
 No.
 What?
 No.
 Penny proposed, and I didn't say yes.
 That's a good question.
 I don't know.
 Because I'm afraid to know the answer.
 That's it? You're not gonna make some dumb joke or some inappropriate comment?
 Did you just put a kick me sign on my back?
 I know.
 You need to let it go, Sheldon.
 Oh, my God, they're just making you use your vacation days.
 Okay, listen, I don't mean to diminish what you're going through, but I'm a little distracted right now.
 It doesn't.
 I'm gonna go talk to Penny. 
 Hey.
 Okay.
 Look, if you want to break up, just say it.
 No, no, no, no. I take it back. Don't say it. Just, just hate me, but stay with me. It worked for my parents.
 Oh. Oh, okay. Good, good. So, it's cool if I cry a little?
 Yeah.
 Look, I get it, and I want you to know that I support whatever you want to do.
 Wow. That, that's a big step.
 So, well, before making any rash'
 And I support you.
 No. You're on vacation.
 Do you really think there's gonna be a breakthrough without you there to do it?
 Bye.
 No.
 No.
 Oh, Sheldon, stay.
 I said stay. I'm going to work. Do not follow me. 
 Yeah.
 I don't know. She already thinks I don't support this, so if I call, it might look like I'm checking up on her.
 Of course I do. She's a great actress. I'm proud she's taking this risk.
 You bought that? Great. I got to call her before I forget how I said it. Hey.
 Oh, how's it going? You taking Hollywood by storm?
 You got your job back. That is great news. I didn't want to say anything, but you are making the right choice. To plunge yourself into debt right now would be literally insane.
 And I support you.
 Oh, hey.
 How did she get you to do yoga?
 Oh, how many times do I have to say it? I support you.
 Fine. I'm not sure you should have quit. But if you care so much what I think, why didn't you ask me before you did it?
 Yes. I thought we were in the kind of relationship where we make decisions together. If I'm wrong, then maybe we need to talk about the kind of relationship we're actually in.
 Can we please have some privacy?
 No.
 For some reason, we're planning a future where we both live with Sheldon forever.
 I swear, I am on your side. 
 Listen, I could never do what you're doing, okay? I would be terrified.
 My point is, just because I couldn't do it doesn't mean you shouldn't. And I'm proud of you. 
 Oh, I've got butterflies.
 Hey. We're about to buy tickets for Comic-Con.
 They sell out incredibly fast, but as long as one of us gets in, we can buy passes'
 Well, this is it, this is it. This is it.
 Not yet. 
 I did it, I did it, I'm in the queue.
 Uh, fifteen'
 'thousand two hundred and eleven.
 Oh, Thursday's gone. Just Sunday left.
 Sunday's gone.
 Yeah.
 Sheldon, just buy scalped tickets with us.
 Do what you want. We're getting scalped tickets.
 The same way I know that the people in the TV set can't see me.
 Did you tell them that you're holding your convention at a Marie Callender's, and that every panellist gets a free slice of pie?
 Look, even your friend Wil Wheaton thinks this is a waste of time.
 Sheldon, buddy, I just don't think this is going to come together for you.
 Good luck.
 Mmm, what if we go as The Fantastic Four, and just tell people that the Invisible Girl is standing there with us.
 Does that step include chloroform and a roll of duct tape?
 Sheldon, I don't care if you get scalped tickets with us or not, but please don't be creepy and go stalking this poor guy. You're gonna get in trouble.
 Yes. He, he's late because he's on his way here from 1940.
 Well, now you're making me wonder if we should have met him at a neutral location.
 Maybe this isn't a good idea.
 Hold on. We always do this. 
 Chicken out. We're, we're so afraid of getting into trouble that we never do anything wrong.
 Even Batman breaks the rules. 
 I say, this one time, instead of wimping out, let's be badasses.
 Howard, you in on this?
 Name one.
 A little.
 Good. This is exciting.
 Yeah. What if we do get caught, who cares? So we get banned from Comic-Con.
 I wonder if we'd have to disclose something like this when we apply for grants.
 Plus, I'm not sure it's a great idea to take Penny to where wine comes from. What? It's a joke. Oh, come on. We bust on each other. I wear dorky glasses, you might have a problem, it's all for laughs.
 We'd be happy to watch Cinnamon.
 Ooh, flowers and chocolates? Somebody's trying to get me out of my panties.
 Got you a little something, too.
 It gets better. Instead of me, you can take someone who will actually enjoy it.
 Thank you. Seriously, please don't make me go.
 Mm, don't have to, we have the whole place to ourselves.
 In fact, if you want, we can do it right here on Sheldon's spot.
 To the bedroom.
 Hey, Cinnamon, guess who just did it human style.
 It's a little late, but I'll take it.
 Oh, crap. What are we gonna do?
 I don't have a vet. I have a podiatrist, an optometrist, an allergist, a dermatologist, a urologist. You'd think I'd have a vet.
 Okay. Koothrappali was right. We should have let her watch.
 Well, to be fair, you ate a lot of it before you gave it to me. 
 No. Maybe to her.
 Really? Do you know how much those Lakers tickets were?
 Sorry.
 We're really sorry. It was an accident.
 Oh, no, come on. It was a while. It was a while.
 Maybe, but you also think nine minutes isn't a while, so what do you know?
 They've been in there, like, half an hour.
 How long should we stay?
 I saw a Thai place next door.
 How's she doing?
 Yeah.
 Yes, thank you for all your help.
 Oh, hey. You're back. How was your trip?
 Great. What did you do?
 Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. I'm gonna need more details.
 No, hang on. Hang on. Are all those things equal to you?
 Well, give it a go.
 Additional data. You dog.
 Oh. Wait, then what is it if you just have hair up here?
 Moo-stache.
 Moo-stache.
 Oh, I'm sorry.
 Sorry. How did it go?
 I know you don't like change, but it's not a terrible idea.
 Waah. I don't want a table.
 Hey, Penny and I are gonna go shop for a dining room table. You want to come with us?
 Seriously? You haven't used this desk in years. The second I want to get rid of it, you're up here working?
 Are you really gonna sit here all day?
 If you'll recall, the Vogon fleet blew up the Earth anyway.
 I'm putting all this stuff in storage. We don't need any of it.
 Oh, hang on. Check your in-box.
 Huh?
 Nary an argument? Nary?
 No. Sheldon doesn't like reclaimed wood.
 He's afraid the original owners will come back.
 Well, he is here. So unless you want to dig him out with a bone saw and a melon baller, there's nothing I can do about it.
 I know, but'
 You're right. I mean, he decides what TV shows we watch, what food we eat, who my favourite hobbit is. I wanted Frodo, but we can't both have Frodo, so guess who's stuck with Samwise Gamgee.
 You make a lot of sense. I like this table, and I'm getting it.
 That one? Damn right I like that one.
 Hey, all set. What do you think? There's plenty of room for everybody, a view out the window.
 We're not.
 She's right, a committee that important should meet more often.
 Oh. This is the thing about me standing up to him and not letting him run my life?
 That.
 Well, it's always me, take one for the team.
 Fancy sounds like a compliment.
 You're too close to it, but Amy has had a huge impact on you.
 Mm, Sheldon, you didn't have a personality, you just had some shows you liked.
 Or you're just a tall, annoying frog.
 Well, we should call her.
 Oh, hey. You guys didn't break up.
 But the mission wouldn't be for at least a year. Isn't that enough time to get your blood pressure under'
 So why are you trying to ruin it?
 Oh, don't anthropomorphize him, he's got big eyes, but his feelings are not like ours.
 Well, it's not silly if you think of that group as being led by a big, evil baby.
 But Penny, this was your idea. You said that I should stand up to him.
 Fine.
 
 Hey. I mean, it's been a little tough, but Penny's following her dreams, and in my book, that is not depressing.
 Why would you do that?
 So are you really not gonna do this movie?
 Well, but don't a lot of famous actors get their start doing bad movies?
 I don't know anything about show business, so if you think it's reasonable to turn down paid work and just burn through your savings, I'm sure you know what you're doing.
 No, no, no. This is not a fight. I was just excited that someone offered you a part and a little surprised that you'd rather sit at home and do nothing than take it. Now it's a fight.
 Are we playing individual or teams?
 Oh, how'd it go at the mechanic?
 Yeah, sure.
 I'm so sorry. I know it's a sensitive subject, but can you reconsider that part in the movie?
 At least they talked about you on Letterman. Come on, I can drive you wherever you need to go.
 You sure you want to do this?
 Let's get this over with. Am I driving you to the Cheesecake Factory, or are we having sex? I'm just, I'm trying to lighten the mood.
 Sorry.
 So humiliating? Am I driving you to the Cheesecake Factory'? I'm sorry. I'll. I'll stop. I'll stop.
 I know. I thought we'd take yours.
 It's nothing fancy, but it'll get you to auditions, and at least for now, you don't have to go back to waitressing.
 Don't say anything.
 I mean, you could say thank you. I did just buy you a car.
 Yeah, he has a very sensitive butt. Well, it's true. Once I saw him sit on a bunch of loose change and add it up.
 What do you guys want to do tonight?
 Oh, my God, Stuart?
 Calling 911.
 What do you mean it's too late?
 Oh, come on.
 Come on, guys. Raj put a lot of effort into this. And that's great. It's not sad, it's great.
 Oh, no, no. That's Clarence Darrow. It's from a game Sheldon made up called Chutes and Lawyers. You slide down a chute and then work your way back up through the appellate system.
 I've seen old pictures of you. You were never a fat kid.
 So one of us came back from the future to murder Stuart?
 Does the gazelle with a flair for storytelling know he's just ripping off Terminator?
 Oh, does the gazelle know that according to Harlan Ellison, it was not ripped off from Demon With a Glass Hand, but was ripped off from another Outer Limits script he wrote called The Soldier?
 Hmm, I'm a professor at Stanford.
 Uh, uh, uh, hang on. Do you think we'd really drift apart if we both became successful?
 But if I get a chance to be a tenured professor, I might not have that much choice in where I end up.
 Well, you don't go into science for the money.
 Great.
 In a minute. I don't understand why any success you have in acting is more important than any I have in science.
 Like you and Sheldon have everything figured out?
 Aw.
 It was. By Terminator.
 Of course. Well, hey, how about this? Whether we're friends, not friends, scattered around the world, no matter what, let's all promise to meet in front of this building exactly 20 years from tonight at 8:00 p.m. and have dinner like we always do.
 Putting it in my phone right now.
 All right, I'll see you guys in 20 years.
 If only there were a solution to that.
 So go to the bathroom.
 Why not?
 Forgive me for asking a stupid question, but why are you being stupid?
 Why did I pee before I decided to move in here?
 Hey. Oh, how'd the audition go?
 Oh, that's great.
 Aren't you gonna ask?
 Yeah. I had higher hopes for a movie called Serial Ape-ist 2: Monkey See, Monkey Kill. You know, it's still possible for you to be good in a bad movie.
 Well, for starters, I wouldn't eat the bananas.
 Uh, uh, does it at least pay well?
 What does your agent think?
 You know what, why don't you just do it? You'll go have fun for a few weeks, make some money, and who knows what it might lead to?
 Just to clarify, which one of you is wearing the bikini?
 So it's a family film.
 So, are you gonna see her again?
 You have my blessing. Go for it.
 Okay, that's enough.
 PS4.
 What's up?
 Two women at the same time? Nice job, playa.
 Was it the two women thing or the playa? It was the playa.
 Were you seeing other men?
 Aren't you gonna ask me?
 Thank you so much for letting us pick your brain.
 So, what do you think, is there a professional downside to doing it?
 Sounds rough.
 Okay, this was helpful.
 Yes.
 I got to tell you, the more I read about the primordial gravity wave discovery, the more excited I get.
 What do you think about it, Sheldon?
 Oh, my God, you're jealous.
 Oh, I don't know. Maybe because the origin of the universe just got proven, the Higgs field just got proven, and you've been working on string theory for the last 20 years and you're no closer to proving it than when you started.
 Penny, have you seen my good inhaler?
 Hey, how's dating two women going?
 Women. Who knows what'll set 'em off?
 Oh, yeah. Wasn't that the basis of your postdoc fellowship?
 Are you sure you want to do this?
 What about your old look, well-groomed ventriloquist doll?
 So, business in the front, science in the back.
 That doesn't work any more. He just thinks I'm taking him to the doctor. So, now that you're no longer invested in string theory, what are you gonna pursue?
 It actually looks good, Sheldon.
 Yeah.
 Hey, I've got a good job. I could buy salmon. You don't know.
 What about loop quantum gravity?
 One of the people that lives in his head.
 Well, if he does, I'll see if my bear has a friend.
 How you feeling?
 Are you gonna introduce me to your friend?
 I don't know. I heard you reading pretty loud last night.
 After she put you to bed, she went home.
 What?
 Okay.
 It's sweet that he thinks there's a story.
 Sure. What's up?
 Huh, well, I think there's some really innovative stuff going on in dark matter.
 Thank you.
 Hey. How about we bring back Anything Can Happen Thursdays?
 You made fun of us. Said it was stupid.
 Great, what do you want to do?
 I'm starting to remember the problem with Anything Can Happen Thursdays.
 What can we do that's different?
 You know what? Why don't we just ease into this. Let, let's go for a walk and, and, and see if we find a new restaurant.
 No.
 Raj and Howard are at Howard's mom's, but should we call the girls and see if they want to come?
 Aw. What's wrong with her?
 That's not what I meant.
 What ails her?
 Hey, how about that Asian fusion place?
 I also love you.
 He'd probably give you homework.
 Thankfully Penny and I have a relationship based on honesty. What? I don't lie to her.
 You and I never just hang out like this. Why is that?
 Yeah. We should do it more often.
 
 Oh, doesn't seem like it. She got Sheldon to go to a psychic with her.
 Well, Penny can be very persuasive. She's gotten me to do a lot of things I wouldn't normally do.
 Yeah, she does.
 Really?
 Well, well they've known each other a long time, and Penny grew up around horses, so she knows how to approach him without making him skittish.
 Well, it took him a long time to get comfortable around me, too.
 Something terrible in a former life? I don't know.
 Uh, well, it's not May the fifth, and it's not May the third. It's May the fourth.
 May the force be with you. Get it?
 Hey, you got a second?
 Sheldon, I've got some bad news.
 I just read online that Arthur Jeffries passed away.
 Sorry, buddy.
 Comforting you?
 Anyway, the, the funeral's on Sunday.
 Yeah, um, of all the things about this that are sad, that might not be number one. You okay? I know he meant a lot to you.
 Okay. Yet he cried when they changed the Raisin Bran box.
 He was 84, he'd say where's my pudding?
 Hmm?
 Really?
 Yeah, we won't be eating Arthur tonight.
 I know.
 Oh that's, that's fine. Go ahead.
 Sorry.
 I am not a crybaby.
 The toys were holding hands in a furnace. Look, Arthur lived a full life. And he inspired a lot of people. Sure, he, he was my childhood hero, but the fact that I got to work with him, side by side, before he died was, it was, it was a gift.
 I got your back.
 So, what did you think of your first funeral?
 Yeah, well, when I die, you can rent a bounce house.
 Mm. Well, I think more about if I'd have any regrets.
 Mm, you know, that I didn't travel more, take more risks, learn another language.
 That's true.
 I just thought of one more.
 I regret not saying yes when you asked me to marry you.
 Yeah.
 What?
 I was not gonna propose. It's already two to one.
 I proposed twice, you proposed once. Two to one.
 I don't know what you're upset about. I'm the one who's losing.
 Yeah, I think I would.
 Hmm.
 It's just such a big decision. I don't want to have any regrets.
 On the one hand, if I say yes'
 Ooh, interesting. Did you just propose to me again?
 Really? Because I just heard will you marry me? That's two proposals, one day. Sounds like someone wants to spend the rest of her life telling people how to spell the name Hofstadter.
 Hey. Penny, don't get upset. Here. I love you, but, no, I will not marry you.
 Now, about that second proposal. On the one hand'
 Hey, buddy. Heard you're having a rough day. You all right?
 It was nice, you know. A lot of people showed up, told some great stories about him. Did you know that Arthur's son is a high school sci'? 
 Sheldon, that, that'll take us all night.
 At least they toned him down in the second one.
 Poor Mrs. Wolowitz.
 Hey, how were things on the set?
 I don't know. The bisexual gorilla go-go dancer in Schindler's List is tough to beat.
 It only gets funnier when you explain it, Sheldon.
 Whoa, whoa, hang on. There's no need to insult her.
 I'm her boyfriend.
 A little, yeah.
 You having second thoughts about acting?
 Yeah, but it's not always that bad.
 What about when you did, uh, Anne Frank at that cute little theater?
 Yeah, but there was ample parking.
 And you were so good in the TV commercial.
 And I got itchy and swollen just watching you.
 Come on. How can you be sad when you're going home with all five-foot-six of this?
 Can I get you anything?
 With your career?
 Like what?
 Come on, be serious.
 Why? Because I'm a, a smart decision?
 So I'm like a bran muffin.
 No, it's exactly what you're saying. I'm the boring thing you're choosing because I'm good for you.
 Well, it matters a lot. I don't want to be a bran muffin. I, I want to be a Cinnabon, you know? A strawberry Pop-Tart. Something you're excited about even though it could give you diabetes.
 No, no. No, it's too late. I'm your bran muffin. Probably fat-free and good for your colon.
 You know I want to marry you, but you're only doing this because you got fired and you're feeling sorry for yourself.
 Then what do you need?
 Oh. Then I guess I'm in.
 Not like, I guess I'm in. Like I guess, I'm in!
kay. Leonard: Cool.
 So is that it? Are, are we engaged?
 All right.
 I'm not sure. Just feels a little anticlimactic.
 Oh, I know. This might help.
 I've had it for a couple years, not important. Penny, will you marry me?
 This would have been so much more romantic if you didn't have monkey hair on your finger.
 How's your mom holding up?
 Okay. Well, now that everyone's here, Penny and I have some big news. We're engaged.
 Hey, hey, what the hell?
 Hey, buddy.
 You okay?
 That's a rude thing to say, out loud.
 Whatever you do, just don't make any rash decisions.
 Hi, Mom. I have some exciting news.
 Before I tell you, will you promise to try and be happy for me and keep any concerns you have to yourself?
 I hate that you talk to him more than you talk to me.
 You know what? It's probably fine.
 I'm your son. What about the fact that she's good enough for me?
 Thanks, Mom.
 Yes, it would.
 What you working on?
 Oh. How's it going?
 It's nice that you called them esteemed.
 So, listen, there was something I was hoping to float past you.
 Now that Penny and I are engaged, I thought we might want to talk about our living arrangements.
 I'm not.
 Actually, this is about where she and I are going to live.
 Well, well, we might want to live together.
 That's very sweet. But we were thinking more of us maybe living together with' not you.
 Look, I, I know this is, this is change, and that sounds scary.
 I don't know. We just started to think about this. Maybe I'll move in with Penny, or maybe she and I'll take this place, and you can move across the hall.
 No, I did not.
 No.
 Because I love Penny, and want to give her the life she deserves.
 Well, yeah.
 Well, you cook for me all the time and, ugh.
 It's hard to talk with so much heavy chewing to do.
 I know you'll try. So, should we talk about setting a date?
 Okay. And when would that be?
 No, I thought he was with you.
 What happened?
 Oh.
 Well, he's been having a couple of tough days. I'm sure he's fine. He probably just needs a little alone time to decompress.
 Anyway, as I was saying, Sheldon probably just needs a little alone time. 'Cause that's important. Not just for him, but for most anybody, really.
 I haven't heard from Sheldon in a while. You think he's okay?
 I'm gonna see where he is.
 Oh, I know his password, so I can track his phone.
 Not always, but ever since he wandered off at the swap meet chasing a balloon, I get worried.
 That's weird.
 He's at the train station.
 It's dark out and he's alone, I don't like it. Let's go get him.
 It's not just that. My mother would kill me if I let something happen to him.
 Sheldon.
 Yeah.
 Seriously? You don't even have a change of clothes or a toothbrush.
 Okay, I know you're upset and there's a lot of stuff going on, but it's nothing we can't work out. Come on, let's get you home.
 So a few things don't go your way and your best decision is to ride the rails like a hobo?
 Come on, come home with us and tomorrow I'll, I'll take you to Legoland.
 Then what can I do?
 Oh, come on, you know you're overreacting.
 What? Why?
 You know he can't take a trip like this by himself.
 No, he looks like a grown man. You've seen Freaky Friday, sometimes little kids end up in big person bodies.
 I know, but'
 Sheldon, if you really need to do this, I'm not gonna stand in your way.
 Okay. Good luck.
 Bye, buddy. Sheldon?
 I'm gonna miss you.
 He just made that easier.
 He's okay?
 Me, too. And he was able to take a sabbatical from'
 Morning.
 Um, let me just have some coffee first, and then I'll have the strength to tell you how much I won't be doing that. 
 Hey, buddy. Good to hear your voice.
 I'd love to. I'm just about to do yoga with Penny.
 Oh, my God, are you okay?
 Okay. Uh, I'll, I'll come get you. What's the address?
 He got all of his stuff stolen.
 Okay.
 Sheldon, hang tight. Hey, do you want me to bring anything?
 I'll be there as soon as I can.
 Yeah, he's fine, he's just a little rattled.
 Feel like driving to Arizona with me?
 Oh, right.
 All right, fine. Hey, can you think of a reason I shouldn't invite Amy to come with me?
 Come on, you didn't even try.
 Thanks again for coming. Six hours was gonna be a long drive by myself.
 Yeah, time's gonna fly by.
 Sheldon.
 So, Sheldon, tell us about your trip. Where'd you go?
 How were they?
 Hang on. You travelled across the entire country and never left a train station?
 I'm sorry, so you never went outside?
 I don't care.
 What's the big deal?
 Well, yeah, it's true. You, you are a god to me.
 Just tell her.
 Yeah. If you had told anyone that you were going away on a train by yourself across the country, do you know what they would have said?
 Exactly. Right after they said yeah.
 Butterfly could've gotten himself home from Arizona.
 And you thought they all had a silver lining.
 Hippos are the deadliest creature. A half-human, half-hippo soldier would be pretty badass.
 Mm, I don't know. Who here has ever been hurt because they were the teacher's pet?
 Hey, how'd it go with human resources?
 The kids are gonna love him.
 This might not be that bad. Uh, you like telling people they're wrong.
 Look, most importantly, this will let you move on and study dark matter.
 Hey. We just wanted to see how your class was going. Where is everybody?
 Well, that's not your fault.
 What?
 Yeah, why would you do that?
 Hmm. You're up late.
 Sheldon, why are you doing this?
 No, I mean, why are you going to so much trouble to prove that you're smarter than Wolowitz?
 You want to know what I think? I think the idea that someone could be as smart as you, or even smarter, scares the pants off you, and you can't deal with it.
 Might be something to think about.
 Yeah.
 Sheldon, I promise. Your uvula does not have an STD.
 Come on, give him a hard one.
 Okay, next question, for the Butterfinger. How long is a galactic yea
 Yes. 
 We are so smart.
 Right again. 
 Yeah, just nice and easy, right over the plate.
 Baseball.
 He's practicing.
 C'mon now, throw one.
 Now you know why we're not outside.
 Oh, that poor waiter.
 You don't even like Yorkshire pudding.
 Nice to see a busy couple keep the spark of bureaucracy alive.
 You don't honestly think that, do you?
 There isn't any ranking. And if there were, we wouldn't be at the bottom of it.
 That's the part you have a problem with?
 Okay, I got to, I, I, I, I got to ask. What makes you think that your relationship is so wonderful and ours isn't?
 So do we. And I've seen you guys ignore each other for hours doing totally different things.
 Yeah, toddlers do that.
 You believe this guy? He has to be the best at everything.
 Whatever. You can't even go on a date without checking your relationship agreement.
 Some perfect couple. He won't even share his food with her.
 I'm not jealous. I just think it's silly for you to compare relationships like they're something that can be quantified.
 How ridiculous is he?
 Sheldon, you're just assigning random numbers to things based on your opinion.
 So, this is accurate?
 Fine. We'll take it right now.
 What?
 Why not?
 Come on. It'll be fun.
 Sorry.
 Are you mad at me?
 Um, whew? Is this about the test, or is this about us?
 What are you worried about?
 Yeah, that scares me, too.
 Sometimes.
 Okay, well, this might make you feel better. Uh, we're both scared that our marriage will be a disaster, and so, that's something that we have in common. Also, we both think I'm not funny. Huh? See, you're not laughing.
 I just want to say one more thing about this. Just because Penny and I are very different people does not mean that we're a bad couple.
 I killed his Chewbacca slippers.
 No, no, no, I don't want to.
 Because it doesn't matter. I don't care if we're a ten or a two.
 Marriage is scary. You're scared, I'm scared. But it doesn't make me not want to do it. It, it just makes me want to hold your hand and do it with you.
 This is fun, huh? We get to see our friend throw out the first pitch, have a hot dog, watch the game.
 On our Quidditch team, he'
 Have you guys heard about this research team that's trying to transgenically manipulate chicken DNA to create some sort of chicken dinosaur?
 Yeah. I'm excited to finally meet your girlfriend.
 Yeah, you didn't lose anyone when you met Amy. Yeah, well, no, this study refers to romantic partners. Not the way I would categorize the two of us.
 I've seen him do it. It's not romantic.
 What happens if she doesn't like us?
 Nice to finally meet you, too.
 Wow, Raj, you were not lying about her.
 Okay, him I believe because he's an 80-year-old man in a 15-year-old's tee shirt. But you're just upset about Stuart and your mom and all their HBOs.
 Why? Because they won't get off your lawn? Is Stuart trying to get a loan, or, or find investors?
 Hey, here's a thought. Why don't we put up the rest of the money that Stuart needs?
 It's kind of a dream come true.
 It's not that bad.
 Oh, kids buy comic books. It would be great to figure out a way to get more kids in the store.
 Hold on. So, your idea is to get a van and cruise the streets looking for kids to pick up?
 And are you gonna use candy to lure them in?
 Why say it?
 Uh, do you know how Penny told Raj he should have left her off his list?
 Well, do you think when she and I had that conversation, she left people off her list?
 Why?
 Will you stay out of this?
 That's true.
 Why are you even part of this conversation? You don't know anything about women.
 There's something I wanted to run past you.
 Mm, the guys and I were thinking about investing in Stuart's comic book store. Is that okay?
 Well, you know, we're engaged, and it's kind of a big deal financially. It seems like something we should talk about.
 Yeah.
 I know. I was looking forward to it.
 Yeah.
 We had that idea years ago. How come we never did anything with it?
 That's not what happened.
 Penny is not the reason I didn't pursue that idea.
 I think someone owes me an apology.
 Well, maybe we have lost our focus.
 Then we'll go to a hotel.
 Fine. Then we'll just stay here and do it.
 You would go to a beach house?
 Hey. So, the guys and I are talking about having kind of a science retreat this weekend. I just wanted to know if that's okay. You and I had talked about going to brunch on Sunday.
 They seem okay with it.
 Hey.
 Okay, let's focus. The girls are gone, we have 48 hours. There are no distractions. Let's change the world.
 Guys, in 30 seconds, we went from let's change the world to let's watch TV.
 I, I think I still have it.
 Ah, here it is. Whoa. I haven't looked at these in years. Robot girlfriend.
 Robot prostitute.
 Okay, let's just skip all the inventions you can have sex with. All right, no, here we go, ergonomic heated seat cushion.
 You know, let's just come up with something new.
 How cool would that be if we could make one of those a reality?
 Well, it's, it's possible at absolute zero, but we would have to remove the temperature restrictions.
 What do you mean?
 Had will have placed?
 Okay, so, it wasn't until his 21st birthday that Biff had will have placed his first bet and made his millions. That's when he altered the timeline.
 Wait. Is brought right?
 I don't know. You did it to me.
 Guys.
 Guys, what are we doing? We sent the girls away so we could focus.
 All right.
 So, I've been thinking about the hover boards, and maybe there's a way we could use Maglev technology.
 I'm sure Mrs. Florida's walking funny. Can we get back to work?
 Some psychologists perform operant conditioning with punishment. Maybe we can come up with a punishment for straying off topic.
 If only we had one.
 Okay, so we agree, whenever someone takes us off topic they get their arm hair yanked off.
 All right, now, one benefit of quantum coupling'
 I think it'll be pretty clear. If not, we'll take a vote. Oh, and also'
 We didn't have to, that was clearly a tangent. Now come on. Back to work. If we're leaning towards quantum coupling' Aah! Why?
 Thank you. And now I owe you one.
 Everyone stop. This was a stupid idea. Negative reinforcement isn't working.
 No.
 Look. We keep procrastinating. We saw Back to the Future II, pigeons playing ping-pong, a bunch of countries that look like genitals and one guy whose genitals look like Denmark.
 It's late. We've wasted hours. Can we please find it in ourselves to do any amount of work tonight?
 So you're, you're saying we should stand here in my lab on a Saturday night and watch the rest of Ghostbusters on a crappy laptop?
 It really does hold up.
 She doesn't flirt with doctors.
 Yeah, I've read about that, they're sending research teams down into abandoned salt mines.
 I think what Penny meant is, the thought of you two in a mine is kind of funny, it's like a cat riding a Roomba.
 Yeah, it'll help them get away when they see a g-g-ghost.
 So, one of my favourite video games of all time is called Shadow of the Colossus, and it was only for PlayStation 2, but then they came out with a new version for PS3 with better graphics. I finally got the chance to play it, and for some reason, it just wasn't as good as the first one. Or something about yoga.
 Well, I was just saying that there was this video game'
 Hmm.
 Huh. What is this?
 The one I gave you?
 Uh, yeah.
 Nothing.
 You're right.
 Doesn't sound that bad.
 Aw, oh, thank you. That is so sweet.
 You know what, you don't have to give me this. You keep it.
 The car was a gift, it was something you needed. I was happy to help you out.
 Well, this is silly, so you don't need the car, but you could use it to buy yourself something else, like a new purse to put all this money in.
 I know, and I'm proud of you, but that doesn't mean I can't do something nice. Like this.
 I don't, either.
 Sure. In my mind, that broke the tension with comedy and led to sex.
 Hey, you got a sec?
 I was hoping we could talk about the money again.
 No, no, no, no, hear me out. I know things got a little weird last night.
 Well, I think I came up with a pretty good solution.
 Why don't we just put the money in a joint account? It'll be our first money together. We can use it for the wedding, the honeymoon, whatever.
 Yeah, of course you do, I'm not just a genius in bed. You sure are, baby.
 I want you to know I get why you don't want the money, you've got this new job, you're excited about being financially independent, and I am nothing but proud of you.
 What?
 Hmm. Maybe. Or maybe I tried to do something nice and maybe you had a problem with it because of your control issues.
 Maybe.
 Well, I can't believe you'd say that. You know how insecure I am about my insecurities.
 Yeah, I'm sorry, too. We're about to share the rest of our lives together. It's our money, who cares who has it?
 Thanks again for having us.
 Well, nailed it.
 Like I would swing with him.
 She made him a chore chart.
 I usually don't like lemon bars, but these, these are really good.
 Yeah. It just makes it a lot harder to pretend it never happened.
 What?
 Not a problem. I grew up with a mother who emasculated my father financially and in every other aspect of his life, so really, it's what I think love looks like.
 Yeah I don't want something dumb like money to come between us.
 Should we go?
 I've never done it on a big old pile of cash before. Me neither, Leonard. It's my first time, too.
 Great timing, food just got here.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 No, but you can have mine.
 What? Why didn't you say that first?
 Can I help you?
 May I ask why?
 Okay, um, look, I'm pretty sure she didn't wink at you.
 I got it, I got it. Listen, um, I think there's been a misunderstanding. See, Penny is my fianc'e.
 I think so.
 Excuse me?
 Thank you. Sorry.
 He tried to score with Penny.
 That is amazing. How long have you been collecting?
 Sure.
 Oh. Well, you know, just being myself, really.
 I don't know that I'd call myself an infection.
 Can we please change the subject?
 Ah, that's a good question. Apparently someone was being awfully flirty while not wearing their engagement ring, causing another someone to show up here thinking the first someone might be available.
 Can we talk in private?
 I'll be right back.
 So, uh, what's the deal? You take off your ring when you go to work?
 Why?
 Oh, he was upset. So Sheldon invited him in for a hot beverage.
 No. I got upset. And Sheldon made me a beverage, too.
 A little, but he's basically harmless. He's actually kind of a nice guy.
 Why am I the one that has to get rid of him?
 All right, I'll get rid of him. But you owe me one.
 Yeah, sure. You owe me.
 Oh, my God.
 Wow, Donkey Kong. This, this was my game when I was a kid.
 No, because I liked it.
 What?
 Next game, let's switch helmets.
 I wonder where Dr. Lorvis is. He's been gone a while.
 Uh, guys, we're locked in here.
 Oh-hom yeah.
 Next level.
 Better than okay. I am having the game of my life.
 Got it.
 Just hang on.
 Oh, hey, oh, we ran into your mom at Benihana last night.
 I know you-you don't want to hear it, but she was there with Stuart.
 Don't rule out the dating.
 But the gibbon doesn't know what it's categorized as. It doesn't even know it's called a gibbon.
 Hey, where's Bernadette?
 Let me guess, you think the whole idea is lame?
 Hmm, to be honest, it's kind of a dream come true to go to even a fake prom with a woman as beautiful as you.
 What?
 You know, if you're not gonna learn how to do this, they make some pretty good clip-ons.
 Bruce Wayne doesn't make his roommate tie it for him.
 There, perfect.
 I thought you were gonna pretend to be an alien.
 Was that a flask?
 You're gonna put alcohol in the punch?
 If you had ripped jeans and a leather jacket, you'd be like the toughest kid on the Disney Channel. So, anything else planned for tonight?
 And while you're at it, I know that at this age your hormones are raging, but just because all your friends are having sex doesn't mean you have to.
 You know, 'cause, 'cause a lot of people lose their virginity on prom night.
 Just relax, it's a joke. You don't have hormones.
 Wow, you look amazing.
 Oh, it's a scaly genital organ that grows between his shoulder blades. Try not to touch it when you're dancing.
 He's right, I was thinking of the lower flermin.
 Oh, the girls really did a nice job.
 What makes you think I didn't go to my prom? I went.
 I took a little lady I like to call loneliness.
 Oh, it's all right. We ended up having a threesome with her friend humiliation, so'
 No, you wouldn't have.
 It was before my growth spurt.
 Very funny.
 I would have asked you. In my head. On the way home. While I was having a good cry.
 There's no music.
 My God, who's the dork now? Thank you for wearing your flats.
 Look at me. Dancing with the prettiest girl at the prom.
 I sent them a bikini shot of you years ago. This is nice. I kind of wish no one else was coming.
 Oh, not fun. The doctor shoved a camera up into my sinuses.
 Yeah. It's a deviated septum. The surgery to correct it is simple. He's gonna do it next week.
 Because I can't breathe. I snore, I get sinus infections.
 Sheldon, I'm gonna get the surgery, it's no big deal. End of story.
 Thank you.
 I think you could give a better clue.
 Okay, why?
 If it helps you sleep, then why are you sitting here staring at me like the albino boogeyman?
 What's your problem?
 It sounds like either way, I finally get some rest.
 I told you, there's nothing to worry about.
 Buddy, wh, do you realize that that also means 699,999 people don't die?
 Hey. What're you working on?
 Yeah?
 Great timing. My check sphincter light just went on.
 I'm not allergic to latex.
 For the same reason I don't wear the apron or the hair net.
 I don't have epilepsy, either.
 Sheldon, do you realize that driving is riskier than surgery?
 Buddy, I, I get that you're worried about me and I, I appreciate that, but I'm not going to die.
 Well, I do know that it won't be from an asteroid strike.
 If there was an asteroid strike, wouldn't you die, too?
 Tell you what, the surgery's not for a week, I'll think about it.
 The doctor said I should be out of surgery by ten.
 He was so busy figuring out how many parts per million of urine we'd be floating around in, he didn't even question it.
 How is it my fault?
 Okay, first of all, the surgery was a success, and secondly, I didn't even want you there.
 Sheldon, I'm sorry I didn't tell you about the surgery, but you were worried about nothing.
 I never thought I'd say these words, but come on, nose spider.
 You were so worried that you smashed your face trying to check on me. You love me.
 Oh, what'd you get?
 That's funny. Boy, I'm gonna miss these painkillers.
 I don't think he had a family.
 I know. You can spend your whole life working, and at the end all that's left are some papers in a box.
 Hey. Hey, we're supposed to look through all this stuff before we throw it away in case it's important.
 It still feels weird just throwing away his work like this.
 That someone was Sheldon, and the day was yesterday. Hey, look at this. Dear Roger, to be opened upon your first great discovery. Love, Mom. Wow, look at the date. He saved this fifty years and never got to open it.
 Look at these notebooks. They're full of pages and pages of data. He clearly spent years on this.
 Well, but what if this was a potential breakthrough for him? What if, what if this is the thing that would've finally let him open that bottle of champagne?
 This has to mean something.
 Well, maybe we can get some time on the supercomputer.
 Oh, we could run a pattern-matching algorithm against well-known unsolved physics problems.
 Because you don't know how to do cryptanalysis, do you?
 I think if you're pulling up your pants, you're not a doorman. 
 Uh, I've been looking for a Professor Sharpe?
 Hi. We're from the university. We're trying to get some information about Professor Abbott.
 Any chance you know what it is?
 Really?
 So, was there anything that Professor Abbott worked on during his life that came close to an accomplishment?
 Well, that's it. That's the end of Roger Abbott.
 I still keep thinking about how an entire life can seemingly amount to nothing.
 That's a nice way of looking at it.
 You know what? This bottle was meant to celebrate an achievement. Let's make a pact. When one of us gets their first big breakthrough, we'll celebrate by opening this bottle of champagne and toasting Professor Abbott.
 Then, of course, rubbing our success in Sheldon's face.
 Hey.
 How come you're up so late?
 Mm. I know how you feel. I spent the day throwing out a man's entire career, and all that's left is an old bottle of champagne and a naked lady pen that Raj took when he thought no one was looking.
 Sad?
 Yeah. What did they say?
 Congratulations.
 Sheldon, that wasn't for you.
 Why not?
 You know the best part of working in the clean room? No allergies. Check it out. Oh, that, that, that's a lot of oxygen.
 Can you believe there was a time when we would have needed an array of giant Cherenkov telescopes to detect cosmic particles? And here we are building our own multi-wire detector like a couple of badasses.
 Ladies do love a man dressed like a kitchen garbage bag. Oh, no.
 You shut the loading doors, right?
 Do you know what a disaster this is?
 What do we do? Should we call someone?
 Okay, how do we catch it?
 It's not a moth.
 Okay, so if I remain calm, I'll get more gems like turn off the lights?
 A Slim Jim?
 Sure. If the pigeon's stoned or a trucker.
 I told you my plan. Let's call Building Services and get help.
 No, admit that you contaminated the clean room.
 Because you do this kind of thing all the time, and then you try to cover it up.
 What about when you flipped the Mars Rover, or lost Koothrappali's dog, or almost drove off with that baby?
 Fine, put the Slim Jim in the garbage bag.
 I can try, but your plan has the words garbage bag and Slim Jim in it.
 Oh. Genius here wants to catch a bird with a garbage bag and a Slim Jim.
 And you found somebody you could push around?
 No, no, no. No, Raj, go ahead, say what you were gonna say.
 Okay. On the count of three, I'll shoot the fire extinguisher and get him airborne. Howard, you wave the blanket and guide him towards the exit. Raj, you hold open the curtain so he can fly out.
 Do you want the fire extinguisher?
 Great. Here you go.
 You miss the blanket now, don't you?
 Relax, it wasn't your fault.
 Uh, guys, I found an article here that says you can do CPR on birds.
 I'm not doing it. You killed him, you do it.
 Okay. Mouth over beak and light chest compressions.
 Anything?
 Wait, wait, his wing moved.
 No, we're both to blame. You know, let me take the heat on this one.
 I don't know. There's still a bird in here. We are gonna get in a ton of trouble.
 No, our names are on the sign-in sheet.
 I can't do that.
 She says take our names off the sign-in sheet and leave.
 Yeah.
 I thought you hate giving gifts.
 Well, I'd like to be green, but you know you always take it.
 Blue and yellow make green.
 No.
 Yes.
 No.
 No, no, no, come on, don't leave. Just try it.
 You know, they really have tried to like a lot of the same stuff we're into.
 You got it, you girls are in charge.
 Thank you.
 Hang on, why do we have to hate it?
 I did not force you to go to that.
 I wasn't gonna get beat up.
 Now you're helping them find ways to make us miserable?
 Ah, interesting, we're being accused of making you do things you don't like, and here you are, doing the same thing to poor Amy.
 That's what I was doing.
 Well, yeah.
 This isn't so bad.
 Uh, I've got some bad news. There's no cell service in here.
 That's true.
 Sheldon, it's fine.
 Okay. And to defend, I roll two sixes. I win.
 I don't know, but the girls do a lot for us. It's the least we can do.
 Look at you, being all mature.
 I, I'm sorry? You make compromises for me?
 On Earth? In our lives? That, that, that we're living?
 That is not a compromise. A compromise is me driving you everywhere because you refuse to learn how.
 What? Then. then why don't you do it?
 Is it my turn to talk about the compromises I make?
 Because of you, I'm not allowed to adjust the temperature in my own home. I'm not allowed to whistle. I don't wear shoes that might squeak.
 Sheldon, do you realize I don't live with the woman I love because of you? No other reason. Just you.
 Yes, it's true. The last time I brought it up, you had an emotional breakdown and got on a train and ran away.
 You have no idea how much you inconvenience the lives of everyone around you. It's exhausting.
 Sheldon, I, I'm sorry if I hurt your feelings. I've been holding a lot of this in for a while.
 Do you mean that?
 Come on, don't get upset.
 Sheldon.
 I'm not leaving your world. I'm just talking about living across the hall.
 Buddy.
 Everything's fine. We just started talking about living arrangements.
 All right. How about we start with two nights a week I live with Penny?
 Okay.
 You got it.
 I thought this was gonna be boring, but it's actually kind of fun.
 Yeah, it looks great.
 Well, roomie, it's only one night a week, but it's a start.
 Yeah, I'm proud of him, too.
 Okay, we're headed out, see you later.
 Yeah, sure.
 Hello, can you hear me? Sheldon, I haven't changed the filter in the water pitcher in two years.
 Your George Lucas autograph is really a me autograph.
 Ooh, and one time when you were asleep, Amy totally took off her' and that's why you're the best roommate ever.
 I don't want to talk about it. There, the place is all yours.
 Bye.
 Hey, we're home. Any progress?
 What are you doing? It's time to go.
 Ah, you're upset because you spent the whole night working on dark matter and didn't make a breakthrough, and now you're worried you made a huge mistake switching fields, and you're gonna sit around and sulk all day?
 Call me if you need anything.
 Sure.
 Cinnamon. Give me another one.
 We all got the Christmas card, Cinnamon.
 Ooh, Emily. I heard him say that to Emily. Hey, I thought you were staying home.
 That is a tough one. Uh, I know he brushes both of them.
 So you just want us to disagree with whatever you say?
 Howard's right, that'll never work.
 Because it is what you want, and it's not what you said.
 What is going on?
 Well, at least listen to it through headphones. I'm trying to sleep. Good night.
 That can't be much fun for Amy. You know, at work today, he tried his first Red Bull.
 He chased a squirrel around the quad for a while and then threw up in my car.
 You didn't have to scoop vomit out of your glove compartment.
 Here we are.
 You lie down, he'll be here in a minute.
 Maybe in the morning.
 You know, he can be a lot of trouble, but when I see him lying here asleep like this, I just think how easy it would be to hold a pillow over his face.
 I turned on the heat in my car and some vomit came out, so my levels, right up there.
 Yeah, sure.
 Wow, you remember that?
 You know, when you talk like that, I want to take you right here on this table.
 Well, it's tricky working with superfluids. Whatever container you put them in, they kind of creep up the sides and crawl out all on their own.
 Exactly, except you don't have a lunatic running around, yelling, I fed you sugar water, why are you biting me? Come on, this is boring, you really want to talk about this?
 Okay, well, this is cool. Uh, there's a thing called superfluid vacuum theory, where empty space is imagined as a superfluid with all of its qualities, viscosity, density, surface tension'
 No, no. People don't talk about surface tension. If you imagine our three-space as the surface of an N-dimensional superfluid bubble' This is exciting. This is really exciting. I have to go find Sheldon.
 Which means a spherical multidimensional superfluid shows the same negative-energy density as space-time. So what do you think? What do you think? So what do you think?
 What? Is it wrong? Have you seen it somewhere else?
 I know this isn't my area, and I could never do the math like you can, but could this be something?
 No one told you to taste them. Come on, is, is this good or not?
 Really?
 You do? You're not messing with me?
 You're giving me a sticker?
 I'm not a preschooler.
 I earned this. Back off.
 You're still awake?
 You worked out all the math.
 You wrote a paper on my idea?
 When did my idea become our idea?
 This is good. Our idea is really good.
 You know, if no one's thought of this, yet, this could be a big deal.
 Wow, it's all happening so fast. Should we just sleep on it?
 You're sure it's good?
 Okay, partner, let's do it.
 One, two three.
 Well, we did it.
 Is your tongue blue?
 Sheldon, this is superfluid helium. Put this in your mouth, your tongue will freeze and break off.
 No.
 Really? What'd they say?
 Let me see, let me see. One calls it insightful and innovative. We're insightful and innovative.
 Oh, the pleasure is mine, Mr. Innovative. Uh, another one says the concept shows some real out-of-the-box thinking. Do you hear that, Mr. Out-Of-The?
 Okay, okay. Uh, the analogy between space-time and a supercooled fluid is either meaningless or false. I wish this blog would devote itself to real science instead of wasting our time with crackpot wannabe theoreticians in a rush to publish.
 It's anonymous, and user name General Relativity.
 Uh, don't lower yourself to their level.
 Sheldon, my name's on that paper, too. There's no upside to doing this.
 Upon review, I've changed my mind about the Cooper-Hofstadter hypothesis that space-time is like a superfluid. In fact, it's inspired me to come up with my own theory. Maybe space-time is like two clowns with their heads in a bucket, much like Cooper and Hofstadter.
 Do it.
 Somebody else do it.
 Well, maybe we shouldn't have sunk to his level.
 Read it back one more time.
 And you don't think that's too rough?
 Do you really want him to write back?
 Me-wow.
 What did you write?
 What does that mean?
 Are you crazy? You don't know who this person is. Delete that.
 Oh, really?
 Never noticed that about you.
 All right, do it. Call him. Let's find out what this loser's ever accomplished.
 You really didn't like our paper?
 Stephen Hawking liked our paper. Said the premise is intriguing.
 And you as well, Mr. Our-Premise-Is-Intriguing.
 You will not believe what Stephen Hawking just said.
 Are you kidding? No, no.
 Yeah, okay, I'm good.
 No problem.
 The place really looks great.
 We know, we know, because burning something down for the insurance money is a crime.
 Why don't we go get the food for the party.
 Mmm, when really we're just exiting an uncomfortable situation.
 Hi, we're here to pick up an order for Comic Center.
 Oh yeah, look at that.
 We're not selling his tomatoes on eBay.
 That would be great.
 I don't know. I mean, if he's not nice, it's gonna make it hard for me to watch him in anything again.
 He was a jerk because you rear-ended him.
 Come on. Sorry to bother you.
 Thank you.
 Sorry again.
 That would be great.
 Yeah, thank you.
 That's it, that's the line.
 What do you think?
 I can't believe they did that.
 Wait, Sheldon gave me a banana in a box. He was testing me, too.
 And how could a chimp even solve that? That was impossible.
 So you guys were testing us both? What is the matter with you?
 Hey, you okay?
 What's wrong?
 I'm so sorry.
 Not right now, Sheldon.
 Buddy.
 How are you doing, Stuart?
 If you want, I can yell at you later.
 Let's have a toast. To Mrs. Wolowitz. A loving mother to all of us. We'll miss you.
 That doesn't sound right. My research has shown that it takes three to five years of shameless begging.
 I'm telling you, you can't create love in a few hours. Right?
 I've been listening to Sheldon's feelings on things for ten years. Tag, you're it.
 In love yet?
 Well, are we just gonna sit here while they do the experiment?
 Yeah, sure, that might be fun.
 Hmm. I can honestly say Penny.
 I'm in love. Let's do something else.
 Okay.
 Should we call Howard and Bernadette?
 What's that?
 Ladies?
 Yup.
 This is cool.
 I'm putting the city names in the grid now. I'm sure that'll give us the code to the safe.
 Yup. Got the code.
 Which book are we looking for?
 Here it is. There's a black light.
 I bet the key's behind it.
 We spent two hundred dollars on six minutes of fun?
 I was unstoppable. I mean, I was, I was on fire. It was like my mind and my body were totally connected, like, like athletes must feel when they're in the zone.
 Admit it, you're a little turned on.
 Why not?
 Hey.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Well, we're, we're very happy for you.
 Why a turtle?
 Well, congratulations. Who would've thought you two would be the first in our group to start a family?
 Hey, hey. Listen, I, I have a little confession to make.
 No, I got you something for Valentine's Day, and I was too embarrassed to give it to you.
 Well, 'cause I got it at the dirty store.
 In sunglasses and a hat after I parked two blocks away.
 Yeah?
 Okay, uh, well, I hope it's fun. I mean, it, it comes with paints, and, and it's kind of creative and artistic.
 No, no. We cover ourselves in body paint, and then, then we get on this big canvas and do our thing.
 You're making fun of me. Forget it.
 Really?
 Okay, but it's a drive, the one I went to is in San Diego.
 I thought it'd be a little more, just more.
 Maybe along the z-axis, but x and y are looking pretty sad.
 Uh, Th, that's true. How late did we stay up last night?
 Damn straight, almost 1am. And we weren't even watching TV. We were watching Netflix, like the kids do.
 Yeah. You get the paint, I'll rest for 30 to 40 minutes, and then we do this.
 Right there, right there, Oh, God, that's it.
 Because you wouldn't let me wear safety goggles.
 Well, we did it.
 I mean, I was on fire. I, I was in the zone, like an athlete.
 So, where do we want to hang it?
 But it's an expression of our love.
 Seems a shame to throw it away.
 God, I love you. I love you so much.
 Yeah.
 Actually, your name is on the electric bill.
 I don't even know what you're talking about and I agree.
 What's going on?
 Did they hate it?
 So what's the problem?
 Sheldon.
 Really?
 Uh, that, that's not necessary.
 Cooper and his team?
 Uh, at least they're talking about the theory. I mean, that's what's important.
 That's not helping.
 It's kind of a big deal.
 Can we please just stop talking about it?
 Nothing, I'm fine.
 What are we doing?
 Oh.
 Look, I know shopping cheers you up, but it's just not really my thing.
 Does it have a camera in it?
 Baby's listening.
 What?
 What happened? Did you tell him it was my idea?
 Thank you. What did he say?
 Why did he think you're the lead scientist? It was my idea.
 If you're trying to make me feel better, it's not working.
 No.
 I'm the one who thought of it.
 Yeah. But now he's happy to let people think he's responsible for everything.
 He always needs all the attention. He's such a baby.
 I swear, he is never ever playing with my helicopter.
 Of course.
 So, Stuart, have you thought about what you'd do if Howard sells the house?
 Subtle.
 Fine.
 Of course you'd focus on that rather than the inspiration. Uh, new salon topic. What's more important, an idea or its execution?
 No, it's okay. We're all adults trying to have an intelligent discussion. At least I am. Howard, what do you think?
 Oh, now he's a genius? All you ever do is make fun of him and engineering.
 You're being ridiculous.
 Lots of people also didn't have that idea, like everyone in the entire world except for me.
 So I'm just supposed to be okay with you hogging all the credit?
 You want some of this? I'll give you some.
 Right now, I'm just trying to burp without throwing up.
 Oh, I like to laugh. But say it anyway.
 Public restroom kit. Everything a boy needs for making pee pee in new and strange places.
 Keep going.
 If it's half as much fun as One Times Ten to the Fourth Bottles of Beer on the Wall, I'm in.
 That soy Frappuccino I had.
 I don't know, um, if 65 billion solar neutrinos pass through a square centimetre every second, given the surface area of this car is about 60,000 square centimetres, that means 3.9 times ten to the 15th solar neutrinos?
 We haven't been on a road trip in a while. This is fun.
 No, listen, we wrote a paper together. Now we get to go to a university and talk about it? That's pretty cool.
 What? This road trip just got crazy.
 I'm surprised you know that reference.
 Yes.
 Sure.
 It could be.
 Exactly.
 Making great time. Gonna be there pretty early.
 I doubt it.
 If we do, we'll just tell him to hit the bricks, see?
 Oh, that's true. It's not like we can get in there.
 I don't think George Lucas put his headquarters in the middle of nowhere because he wanted people dropping in.
 We do have time. I mean, we could drive by and just look at it.
 I'm about to lose control, and I think I like it.
 Wasn't even that hard to find.
 I know. You want to get a picture?
 Well, so do I, but they'll never let us.
 No, but I don't have three years to make that gate feel sorry for me.
 Okay, yeah. What do we have to lose? I'm a little nervous.
 Right.
 Um, uh, uh, uh, we don't have an appointment, and, and we don't belong here, but we, we're, like, crazy-big fans. I mean uh, buh, buh, crazy for Star Wars crazy, not crazy like we have a backpack full of duct tape, although we do have a backpack that you really don't want to look in.
 And that's how it's done.
 We're trying to get past a security guard, not rescue Zelda.
 Uh, I'm just gonna be honest with the guy.
 Well, what's your plan?
 Uh, I'm just gonna tell you the truth.
 We don't have an appointment. We, we're just fans of Mr. Lucas's work, and we thought we'd take a shot and see if we could get in and look around.
 I'm sorry, don't listen to him. We're actually physicists. We're giving a lecture at Berkeley later today. We just, we had some time to kill.
 Thank you so much. See? Maybe honesty is the best' What are you doing?
 I don't know. Maybe they'll call Imperial Officers to take us to a holding cell on the Death Star.
 Oh, shut up.
 Uh-huh, I'm normally very nice, but you shut up, too.
 We understand. Thank you so much.
 Yes, we missed our lecture, we were almost arrested, and you got me locked in a room with a man who forced his tongue down the throat of a stuffed Wookiee.
 The glass is empty, Sheldon. It's completely empty. If you gave that glass to a man who was dying of thirst, he would be dead, do you know why?
 Fine, then tell me how I should be looking at it.
 That part was pretty good.
 You did flop around a lot.
 You know, when they were escorting us to the detaining room, I looked through a door, and I'm pretty sure I saw a display case with the Ark of the Covenant.
 I know.
 I guess this could count as an adventure.
 Well, the G stands for graphics. That's a hard G, so I'd say gif.
 Oh, Sheldon, I'm sure it's not because they don't think you're an elite scientist.
 Look, you can spend the rest of the day being bitter about this.
 I was gonna say or, but why bother?
 Well, you picked a good one to start. Wil's had lots of great guests. Jonathan Frakes, Brent Spiner, Michael Dorn, Gates McFadden.
 Yes.
 This is exciting.
 Psst.
 I, I didn't want to interrupt.
 Really?
 Hey, great.
 Oh, if she was with an Indian guy dressed like a banana, that was just my friends, Howard and Raj.
 It really is.
 You have a new job.
 I don't think you can do both.
 Stay out of it, Kevin Smith.
 No, no, no. We're not fighting, we're just having a conversation.
 Give me back that juice.
 Well, what if you get it?
 From a Kevin Smith movie?
 I'm just trying to protect you. How many times did I see you get your heart broken trying to make it as an actress?
 I'm always excited for you. I'm excited that you found this new job where you're making decent money.
 Wait, twice?
 Like, times two twice?
 I went to school for half my life. I have a doctorate. I'm still paying off college loans.
 Wil, can we just turn off the podcast for a little bit?
 Hang on, if you're making all this money, where is it?
 What does that mean, under your bed?
 Wait a minute, you have a guy?
 Why would I have a guy? I don't have any money.
 Wil, I'm begging you, just please turn that off.
 Great, you're not only more successful than me, now you're more mature.
 That would be great, thank you.
 Yes, it is, Wil.
 Hello? What is this?
 Are those my sheets?
 Okay. Well, you kids have fun. I'm gonna go to sleep.
 Yeah, I'm good.
 Okay, fine. Sheldon, may I please visit your fort?
 Thank you.
 Really?
 Uh, okay, okay. Uh, we, we get it.
 That's pretty cool, Sheldon.
 Hey.
 Yeah.
 Oh. When I encountered alien life, I discovered that the key thing was not to sit in its spot.
 Congratulations.
 Are you kidding? Yes. What did you have in mind?
 My mommy raised a gentleman.
 Yeah. I'm excited to help.
 I get it. Uh, just this morning, Sheldon wouldn't let me put almond milk on my Grape-Nuts because he said it was a theoretical nut conflict.
 Yeah. That's better than what I did say, which was, fine, I'll eat them with club soda.
 Mmm, they're alpha males.
 We could be betas. They're second in charge.
 Or we could be omegas. They get pushed around by the alphas and the betas.
 Whatever. There's no alphas here, and this is your project. You're in charge. How do you want to start?
 I don't know. Should we call Sheldon and Howard?
 Okay. Great. How do you want to start?
 Well, aliens could only play the Golden Record if they figured out how to build a record player.
 That would be more helpful if E.T. were real.
 My God, when he's on the table and they use the paddles on him.
 They zip him up in that bag.
 The flower dies.
 All right, so it sounds like we need a way to communicate that's simple.
 It's also a problem because we don't even know if the aliens who find this can see. I mean, they might communicate in a totally different way than us.
 That's actually a valid example. Animals do deliver messages through scent.
 Yeah. Penny has about twenty different ways of rolling her eyes that each mean something different.
 The most basic sense that any space-faring civilization would have to possess is touch.
 All we have to do is rig up a 3-D communication system.
 I know.
 Yeah, you know what else it is?
 Hey.
 We want you back on the project with us.
 Great. Now that we're all on the same page, let's get together tonight and work on it.
 How is that building on what he just said?
 Building on that, I'd like to remind you, I'm lactose intolerant.
 It's not Simon Says.
 Okay, since we agree on the delivery system for the message, maybe we should talk about what the message could be.
 Squeeze yourself.
 What about when we went to Comic-Con and dressed like Jabba the Hutt? You got to be Jabba's head, and I got to be his fat slug butt.
 You let a guy sit on me.
 I'm just saying, sometimes Raj and I feel pushed aside.
 Wait a minute. Sheldon spent a whole day with James Earl Jones and never told any of us.
 Sheldon, you're not in charge. Raj is in charge.
 Okay, we should leave in about an hour. You all packed?
 Nope. It's pretty exciting.
 How would I be blinded?
 I'll take my chances.
 Mm, I thought it'd be fun to show her my old stomping grounds. I even know the exact spot where they used to stomp me.
 How'd you get ready so fast?
 Why did you need a belt?
 It gets a bad rap from shows like Jersey Shore and Real Housewives.
 No, it's like that. Well, I'm excited to show you around.
 Yes. We'll also have time to put my junk in a garlic press, but I'm not doing that either. 
 Yeah, looks like there's a big storm all up the East Coast.
 I don't think so.
 I guess not.
 Yeah. I worked hard on that speech, too.
 Oh, thank you, but I'm okay.
 Greetings, distinguished cheerleaders.
 Hey, where'd you go?
 Really? Sex last night, pancakes this morning, am I dying?
 A cap and gown? Why do I need a cap and gown?
 What are you talking about?
 Really? That's amazing. And you gave me the robes to give it in. Thank you.
 Short and sexy, that's my wheelhouse.
 I don't think this is gonna work.
 A, surprised you know that. B, I wanted to look like a sexy graduate for you.
 Thank you.
 Well, I'm gonna go put on some pants just in case. But I have to say, this is very freeing.
 Oh. Done and done.
 They're graduating.
 My point is, while you're spending all this time on your own, building computers or practicing your cello, what you're really doing is becoming interesting. And when people finally do notice you, they're gonna find someone a lot cooler than they thought. And for those of you who were popular in high school, it's over, sorry. Thank you and congratulations.
 So you really think they liked it?
 I don't know, some time tomorrow morning.
 No need to. As soon as she flies into California airspace, I'll feel a disturbance in the Force.
 If you could run out and get a PhD, that might make her like you.
 Uh, I don't know. They're pretty different.
 No, we're kind of taking it slow.
 What does that mean?
 Yes, Mother.
 I change my answer. It, it's amazing. It's hot. We can barely keep our hands off each other.
 See, this right here, what you're doing, can you please not do that around Sheldon's mom?
 Of course not. She's, she's just a very sweet and God-fearing lady, and you have to be respectful of her beliefs.
 Thank you.
 East Texas.
 Hey, look who's here.
 We just spent two hours in traffic. Did you think to mention to me that you liked our paper?
 That's so sweet, you think I have self-esteem.
 Subtle, mom, real subtle.
 You mean, my hypothesis. I hypothesized it all by myself.
 You still are. Uh, Mom, hey, tell Mary the story about how I made a Van der Graaf generator out of our vacuum cleaner.
 So, Mom, you haven't seen Penny since we got engaged.
 We did not. That's not true. Can I speak to you alone for a second?
 It came from Tiffany's.
 Keep walking.
 Yes, and we'll get back to that. But, uh, even with your mother here, you are deliberately hogging all the attention from my mom. You're like one of those elephant seal pups that steals the milk from two mothers.
 Yes, you are a super weaner.
 Yeah, you're right. That is the term I'm looking for. You are a dirty double mother suckler.
 Oh, don't flatter yourself. She likes everybody better than she likes me.
 Not once did my mother ever give me any love or affection for just being myself, I always had to earn it.
 Thank you.
 That's not what it is.
 Oh, me.
 I don't really feel I deserve it.
 Okay, Mom, let's get you back to your hotel before anyone says anything else.
 Oh, really? That's too bad.
 Wow. When does that start?
 Oh, my mother.
 That was really intense.
 Hey.
 Can it wait until I put a Band-Aid on a goat bite?
 I'm gonna guess that your main concern is the time commitment of watching an entire season of a new show.
 I get it. Smallville almost wrecked you.
 Mmm. My pleasure.
 Yeah. I wish I'd fought harder for the rest of 'em.
 We're gonna set a date.
 Really good.
 And we've been busy with our paper.
 Yeah, we'll pick a date when we pick a date.
 So, why haven't we picked a date?
 Well, of course I know why. But just for fun, why?
 You still want to get married, right?
 I don't know. Because we don't have a date?
 It's not just the date. We haven't talked about anything. Big wedding, small wedding, indoor, outdoor?
 Is your dad paying for it?
 Okay, two friends each.
 Fine. I want black-tie.
 Okay. Well, then it's settled. Small indoor church wedding, black-tie, no butterflies.
 Great.
 Shut up.
 Yeah, maybe it's good you got us talking about this stuff.
 Sheldon, I'm not a whiner.
 Look, all she's saying is we are in love so it doesn't matter if we get married tomorrow or a year from now or 50 years from now.
 Yeah, but we'll be old and gross together.
 Are you saying you want to get married?
 I'm in. Let's do it.
 Thanks.
 Doesn't sound very romantic.
 I'm sure we'll find a decent chapel.
 I know. You think people are gonna be mad?
 It is. It is about us.
 Right. No surprises.
 Uh, well, there, there's one thing I feel I should tell you.
 You know, so we can go into this with no secrets between us.
 Remember, uh, a couple years back when I was on that research ship in the North Sea?
 Okay, well, there, there was a lot of drinking and craziness going on.
 Okay, um, well, there was this girl.
 Nothing really. It was just kissing.
 And then nothing. I stopped it. But it still bothers me, and I wanted you to know.
 Did you ever do anything like this since we've been?
 Oh, that's too bad.
 Hmm?
 Well, like I said, we're about to get married, and I, I want a clean slate. No secrets.
 Would you rather I didn't tell you?
 See, now I'm confused. I mean, what, what am I supposed to do?
 I can do that. Uh, uh, from now on, this mouth, you and food, that's it.
 Yeah?
 Right.
 It wasn't even very good. She was a smoker, I'd just been seasick.
 So, we're still getting married?
 Because we love each other.
 And it's the happiest day of our lives.
 Mm, this one comes with music and flowers. Oh, they even stream the whole thing live on the Internet.
 'Cause there's a lot of gorgeous blondes out there who don't believe they can land a short, nearsighted scientist. Let's give them hope.
 If you're not into this, we can do it another time.
 Aw. That's exactly what you said the first time we slept together. 
 No. Why?
 Why not?
 What happened now?
 Oh, no. Seriously?
 Amy broke up with Sheldon.
 No.
 Buddy, I'm so sorry. Is there anything I can do?
 Sheldon, uh, okay, just because you're going through this with Amy doesn't mean that all women are bad.
 Penny's on the phone with her.
 Hey.
 No, I think it's because we're eloping.
 They're running a little behind. Should be pretty soon.
 Hey, if you're hungry, there's a breakfast buffet at the strip club next door.
 I don't think the strippers prepare the meal, but okay. Look, it's not how I pictured it either, but I'm still glad we're doing it.
 You sure?
 And you promise you're okay with everything from the car?
 You're right. I'm sorry. We have the rest of our lives to dredge stuff up from the past and fight about it. So what do you think? Should we run next door and grab a bite?
 Oh, don't worry. They gave me this vibrating coaster.
 Oh, the package that we paid for said the aisle was supposed to be strewn with rose petals.
 You know what? It's fine.
 Yup, just want to get married.
 This is it.
 I love you.
 We're good.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 It's okay. I don't have to say them.
 Penny, we are made of particles that have existed since the moment the universe began. I like to think those atoms travelled 14 billion years through time and space to create us, so that we could be together and make each other whole.
 I do.
 Yeah, I'm so glad you guys could watch.
 No, no, no. Hang on. I believe I'm supposed to carry you across the threshold.
 Who do you think carries Sheldon to bed when he falls asleep in front of the TV?
 I'm okay.
 Thank you. Finally, there's a Mrs. Hofstadter who isn't disappointed in me.
 Everything all right?
 Just tell me.
 Oh, no. No, come on. I have a friend in you. You said so.
 Yeah. Okay, listen. If you're imagining that it was sexy, it wasn't. We, we were both drunk, and she smelled like an ashtray. The boat was moving a lot, so I chipped her tooth.
 No, she had dental insurance.
 Yes. I felt guilty as soon as it happened. I feel guilty every time I see her.
 What do I mean? Boy, that's a toughie.
 Well, no, not socially. But, you know, just at work.
 I wanted to tell you in the car, but you told me to stop talking
 No, of course not. Okay, look, instead of fighting, why don't we dim the lights, um, get naked and make a baby? I was trying to lighten the mood. It's not easy. You try it.
 I asked you over and over if you were okay. Why would you go through with the wedding if you weren't?
 Okay, listen, I may not have been entirely faithful, but you, you are not easy to lift.
 I'm not glowing. I'm upset.
 Sure, let's make it an even hundred.
 I wouldn't.
 Well, I may be a man, but I think I'm the one that screwed up on this one.
 I figured that out.
 Can't believe I'm spending my wedding night with you.
 How am I supposed to sleep? I've been married less than 24 hours, and my wife isn't speaking to me.
 Hey.
 Of course not.
 What are we gonna do?
 Please, tell me how I can fix it.
 Okay, that is the stupidest thing I've ever heard.
 You can't be serious. 'Cause I messed up and made out with a girl, you're gonna do the same with a random guy?
 What is happening?
 Well, trust me, I wish it never happened.
 Wait, wait, wait, how is my day-old marriage falling apart becoming about you two?
 Oh, we didn't screw around. We just got drunk and made out.
 Call you back. Hey.
 I would love that.
 If you don't mind waiting for a Groupon, we can try marriage counselling.
 Hey, uh, buddy, can we have some privacy?
 Wake up, wake up, wake up.
 What? Why?
 Uh, first of all, you made that guy cry.
 Secondly, I can't think of a more horrible idea than Penny meeting Mandy.
 What, you actually want to meet her?
 I'm not being weird. Am I being weird?
 Fine, you want to meet her?
 How many times do I have to tell you? I have no interest in this woman.
 You guys have any idea how much it costs to see a marriage counsellor?
 Oh, great, there's Mandy.
 That's not helpful.
 Are we done?
 I'm gonna ask her if she'd be willing to talk to Penny, tell her she has nothing to worry about.
 What?
 Hey.
 Uh, do you mind if I sit?
 So, um, I've been thinking a lot about you and me and the boat.
 You know, what we did, when we were drunk.
 No, we just made out.
 Uh, okay, well, um, I got married recently.
 Never gets old. No, no, to a girl. Anyway, I told her what happened between you and me, and she's concerned about us seeing each other at work.
 Because I didn't want there to be any secrets between us.
 What else would it be?
 No, I don't think so. Although, Penny did say exactly that.
 You know, on some level, I've always believed that I don't deserve a woman like her.
 I mean, she's really beautiful. She could have any guy she wants. Which is probably why it took her so many years to tell me she loved me.
 Too expensive. You'd think I'd be used to women withholding their love. I mean, my mother did. I mean, no matter how hard I tried, she just didn't have any interest in me.
 I wonder if that's why I have such a dysfunctional relationship with Sheldon. I had a dream the other night that I was in a cave and I was nursing a baby, but the baby had Sheldon's head on it.
 Okay, yeah, um, do you remember when you accused me of trying to sabotage our wedding?
 I've been thinking about it, and you might be right. But the good news is that I'm pretty sure I know why.
 Penny, after all these years, I still feel like maybe I don't deserve you.
 You do?
 I don't even understand why you're with someone like me. Why would I want to be with someone like me?
 Well, how about we stop being so scared of losing each other and just be together?
 Good. Because I've loved you since the moment we met, and I will keep loving you until the end of time.
 Yeah? That's because you're beautiful, and your beauty fills my heart with love and song.
 Huh? If you think that's cheesy, buckle up. Penny Hofstadter, will you please stay married to me?
 Yes, please.
 What is this?
 Wow.
 Sure. Hey, want to hear a fun fact about mustard?
 Yeah.
 Hey, you're early. The movie doesn't start for an hour.
 What are you talking about?
 When do we leave?
 This was Feynman's van? That's so cool.
 So, are you gonna give us a clue where we're headed?
 India.
 Your house?
 Fun, I've never been there.
 If there was a hidden compartment, don't you think you'd be stuffed in it by now?
 Hey, watch your speed. I hear the Mexican police target tourists.
 Sheldon, can you believe that we're driving in a van that was owned by one of the greatest scientific minds of the 20th century? It's like the Batmobile. If Batman was real and a physicist and his car wasn't cool.
 What?
 And there's your damsel.
 Yeah, this is nothing more than a physics problem.
 Let's see, a lever, a lever.
 We're gonna be here foreever.
 I don't think the lever's working.
 There's gotta be something else we could try.
 Guys, excuse me, not that calling one of the Avengers isn't a perfectly reasonable choice, but we're scientists. Don't you think we can figure this out using actual science?
 They're basically pure hydrocarbons soaked in fat. Let's hope the lug nut expands.
 It's a bachelor party. Lighten up.
 Well, let's start small. We can always add more.
 We got a flat and couldn't get the tyre off.
 Thank you.
 I spent the night in Mexico with Sheldon.
 I still don't understand why you bought that pill caddie. You're a young man.
 It's just where I need them. You know, she doesn't have a lot of closet space.
 Come on, buddy.
 Do I really have to do that now?
 It's harder than I thought.
 That helped.
 Well, it's Thai food night.
 You're right. But what? Mexican? Italian? German? Indian? Greek? Cuban? Chinese? Pizza? Barbecue? Korean? Korean barbecue?
 Oh, thank God.
 You heard him, no.
 I guess. I'm just, you know, worried about Sheldon.
 I hope so.
 No, of course not. I just feel bad.
 I did like that he had the weather on it.
 I know. And it's not like we're abandoning him. Plus, we can FaceTime him whenever we want, you know, once iPhones are invented in his universe.
 Hey, we brought you Thai. Where is everything?
 I know what you're doing. You're trying to get attention so we'll feel bad for you, but it's not happening.
 Will you knock it off? We're across the hall.
 Buddy, I know me moving in with Penny feels like a big change, but it's not.
 Wuh, what about what you said in the restaurant?
 Fine.
 Hey, ready for lunch?
 That'll teach her to care about your health.
 It wouldn't be the worst thing if we were more active.
 Look at all these activities the university has. Rock climbing club, archery, flag football.
 What are you saying? We're not coordinated enough to play sports?
 I got a triple-word score with a double letter Q. If that's not a time to bust out the scrabble dance, what's the point of having one? Hey, Barry Kripke started a fencing club.
 It's indoors, so no sunscreen.
 No gym shorts that can be yanked down.
 Preach.
 What about a game of tag on a French schoolyard?
 I always wanted to be a swashbuckler when I was a kid.
 That's not why we're here.
 This is easy. I didn't need to wear a cup.
 What?
 When was your honour insulted?
 Again, that doctor didn't insult your honour. Just checked your prostate.
 Well, good. It's nice to see your mind off Amy.
 Oh. I hate to say it, but it sounds like he's interested in her.
 Oh, buddy, I get that you don't like it, but it's not really up to you.
 Look, even if it's not him, Amy's probably going to date someone at some point.
 Of course. She deserves to be happy.
 Listen, I should warn you that maybe asking Amy out isn't a good idea.
 And now the crazy version of what I just said.
 Wow. That, that was crazier than I thought.
 I'm surprised you wanted to go to a sports bar, Sheldon.
 If you're cranky and retaining water, I have a theory.
 Maybe you should consider women who aren't in serious relationships with your closest friends?
 Three.
 You're just sweaty from exercise.
 I know it only takes one doctor's finger.
 We should let you guys talk.
 Look at me go.
 What's going on?
 Just tell me.
 Oh, well, that kind of stinks.
 What are we going to do?
 I'd love to, but we need liquid helium and our shipment's on back order for a month.
 That shirt brings out the blue in your eyes.
 Let's go check to see if the university has any helium in reserve.
 Hey, Barry, we're in trouble. We need liquid helium, does the department have any we can use?
 Come on, Barry, there's a Swedish team trying to run our experiment before us. Can't you spare any?
 Yes.
 What are you doing?
 We'd have to go to every Party City in California.
 Who is he?
 How does he get the helium?
 Oh, hey. I just heard back from the liquid helium guy.
 He's got what we need and can meet us tonight.
 The man restocking the cereal shelves.
 He handed you the box directly and called you Stretch.
 Do you want liquid helium or not?
 Then I'm going to tell him we're in.
 We're just bending the rules a little. We have grant money to do the experiment, so we're going to spend it on the helium we need. It's not like when Dr. Goldfarb claimed he bought an electron microscope and he was really just keeping a Russian girl in an apartment in Van Nuys.
 Sure. So, are we doing this?
 Remember? Don't ask too many questions?
 A little, but if I may quote Einstein, the pursuit of science calls us to ignore the rules set by man.
 Done.
 Before I answer, may I just say your skin has never looked better.
 That must be him.
 Hey.
 Uh, I'm Leonard. This is my friend'
 Uh, yeah, uh, right here.
 What ya doing, Skippy?
 Look, you can trust us. We're respected scientists.
 My friend does make a decent point about the money. I don't feel comfortable just handing it over up front.
 I don't think it matters if this is a stalemate or an impasse or a Mexican standoff. What are we gonna do here?
 Afraid so, Skippy.
 All right, let's all just calm down. Nobody wants to report anybody.
 No, no, no. Wait, don't go. Just let me explain. We're physicists, and we're trying to prove a hypothesis that we've been working on for over a year.
 Okay, but now there's this Swedish team that read our paper and they're trying to beat us to our own discovery. We really need this helium.
 Here's the money. Can we do this?
 It's actually pretty common in our field. There's not much you can do about it.
 Will you stop with that already?
 And tipping his hat to the cleaning lady didn't do that?
 Let's just start the experiment.
 We're not getting caught.
 The dealer doesn't care, Kripke has no authority over us, and you being related to a metal container would explain a lot. Help me hook this up.
 What?
 What is it?
 It's probably USC or UCLA.
 Let's not jump to conclusions. A lot of things start with U.
 Listen, we can do the experiment as planned and beat the Swedish team to the punch, or we can kiss our dreams good-bye because we were to afraid to break a few rules.
 Ma'am.
 Thank you for coming back.
 No, nothing. We just changed our mind.
 Thank you.
 You know what? It's fine. Keep the money. We just want to be done with this.
 He wants more money.
 Is Ernest Goes to Jail the only prison movie you've seen?
 Thank you, Barry.
 Can you give us a minute?
 Me neither, but what other choice do we have?
 I promise this is the last time.
 It says right here on Wikipedia. A Mexican standoff is a confrontation between at least three parties.
 Did you hear about this study that found people that were cool and popular at 13 have problems succeeding later in life?
 You tell me, you woke up in bed with one.
 Why is he writing to you?
 I'm the one who thought of Spockumentary.
 How long have you known Adam?
 And what are you getting him back for?
 My brother was mean to me, too.
 When did we get a wall safe?
 When did we get a floor safe?
 There's a security camera?
 You have a will?
 Will Wil want it?
 You bought her a ring?
 Oh, man, I'm sorry, that must have been devastating for you.
 You did go pfft.
 Just like you.
 I know. I also can't believe he watched what we did on that couch and still sits on it.
 Hey, buddy. How you doing?
 Yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
 No.
 Nirsh.
 He didn't meant that.
 Well now instead of idolizing fictional characters, you can focus on the real people who are already in your life.
 Thank you.
 Well, he's having a rough time. Amy broke his heart, the DVR cut off the last minute of Doctor Who. That crow followed him home.
 Ah, well, what's this? A pot of oatmeal? Or, thanks to you, what I will now call gloatmeal.
 You're in a good mood.
 What brought this on?
 Hey, I made French toast sticks.
 Ah, I also made oatmeal.
 I don't understand why we're leaving so early for the movie.
 What? I don't want to do that.
 This is the movie that big soda doesn't want you to see.
 So you're actually okay with invading your friend's privacy?
 Not really.
 You just happen to have those in the car?
 By stalking them?
 Can I see?
 I know, but you guys make being a crappy friend look fun.
 Yeah, okay, I see him. It looks like they're having a nice time. I wish I could hear what they're saying.
 Okay, we saw them. Can we go catch the movie?
 Are we gonna be much longer? I really have to go to the bathroom.
 What happened?
 Yeah.
 I don't know if you want to do that, I was just, okay, never mind.
 You really should.
 Well, we're having everyone over.
 Otherwise we'd love to.
 Yeah, poor us.
 I know. I feel so grown up.
 Really? How many grown-ups do you know who have Mr. Spock oven mitts? Hey, the recipes are on my iPad. Will you pull 'em up?
 My birthday.
 It's just the four digits, month and day.
 Let me see. Yeah, there. What number were you putting in?
 You don't know my birthday, do you?
 Well, what is it?
 May what?
 You don't know your own husband's birthday.
 Your birthday is December 2, you grew up on Perkins Street, the last four digits of your social are 7 6-2 1, and the odds of me letting you forget this are zero.
 Next we need a teaspoon of pepper, which, I believe, was also the name of your childhood dog.
 Baby.
 Justin.
 Nice try. NSYNC forever.
 Face it, you can't stump me. I am the king of husbands. I know that you don't like the lingerie that I got you on Valentine's Day. I know you hate the word moist. I know'
 Because it's orange and you think it makes you look like a slutty carrot.
 Sure you did.
 What? I didn't know you had a journal.
 No, it doesn't.
 Come on, don't be mad. It was a long time ago, and it was an accident.
 I didn't even know what it was. I saw it on your nightstand. I picked it up.
 You know me, I'm a big ol' bookworm.
 Well, hey, okay. Let me make this up to you. Sometimes I keep an online journal. I want you to read something that I wrote.
 Okay. Well, then I'll read it to you. It's from the day we first met. Beauty, thy name is Penny.
 Fine. Mmm, Penny's beauty, like our love, grows more with each passing day.'
 Why would I lie?
 Well, you didn't read it right. The new Star Wars is coming. Gah.
 Be right there. Hi, lover.
 I'm sorry about the journal. I want to make it up to you. So I'm gonna let you post a shame photo of me on Facebook.
 Don't want people to see what, huh? A little bit of this?
 Huh? Some of this? And, since it's Thanksgiving, an extra helping of this?
 I'm glad you had a nice time with Amy.
 Since when do you hum songs?
 You were just humming.
 How does your brain feel about calculating the surface tension of the domain walls?
 Well, hum it again. Is that the SpongeBob song?
 Whatever. Can we just get back to this?
 It's just an earworm. It'll come to you.
 Is this what we're doing the rest of the night?
 Which is crazy, since rock and roll is all about good customer service.
 Eh, that just means going barefoot.
 Put on some headphones.
 How does he keep coming up with new ways to be annoying?
 Come on. I take care of him all day long. You do it for once.
 What do you want, a medal? It was your gum.
 I love you.
 Oh, yeah, he got a tuba.
 Hey, can we please get back to work?
 All right, just stop. This is ridiculous.
 Thank you.
 That's a trick question, right?
 Yup, she's right. For every Newton who had a psychological issue, there's an Edison who was just a jerk. That could totally be you.
 There goes our shot at him living on the roof.
 I don't know. It's pretty catchy.
 Well, now that you can focus again, what do you say we get back to surface tension of domain walls?
 Aw. Am I like the dryer sheets of your heart?
 Aw.
 Guys, tickets already went on sale.
 I don't know what to tell you, but they're on sale.
 No, it's Steel Magnolias 2: Even Steelier.
 Yeah, me, too.
 I'm also really happy, but I can't pretend it's for you. New Star Wars in three days.
 I think Penny has a point. You can see it another day.
 I know. It's still gonna be weird to see the movie without him.
 Hey. We're going to the comic book store. You want to come?
 You got it. Well, Penny might want to join us.
 What do you think about giving Sheldon's ticket to Stuart?
 He's not that bad. Hey, Stuart, got any plans Thursday night?
 Well'
 Yeah, the wait is finally over.
 We will.
 We're gonna have so much more fun than him.
 Yeah, he's on his way. Time for bladder check.
 Check.
 Um, hey, Wil. What you doin'?
 So, if you don't like Star Wars, why are you here?
 Yeah. No matter what happens, we're coming back tomorrow to watch it again.
 I'm really nervous.
 That's true.
 Oh, if anything, I'm trying to get my Sheld-off.
 Hey.
 How was your day?
 Well, did you try wearing the shirt I said was inappropriate for work?
 I'm not gonna make a fake appointment with a psychiatrist. What would I say is wrong with me?
 None of that is true.
 That's just crazy. How would my going in there even help you?
 What if I get caught?
 Fine, I'll do it. But not because of them, because I love you.
 Thank you for seeing me on such short notice.
 Uh, she's my mother. You know her?
 Well, then you know her better than I do.
 Really? Any chance you find them cold, cruel and unsuitable for innocent little boys who just want to be happy?
 No, no, say it. Sing it. Rent a plane, write it in the sky.
 Oh, no, I, I've worked through a lot of that stuff, I'm better now.
 Do you know she never let me celebrate my birthday because being born was her achievement, not mine?
 Right? To this day, I send her a card every year with a little money in it.
 Hi.
 Oh, great. Dr. Gallo is terrific. You know, I, I've always been insecure that no one cares about what I have to say, but she made me see'
 Okay, now, what I'm hearing is that you feel that I sometimes take too long to express myself, and you wish I'd be more succinct.
 All right, well, after we talked about my issues with my mother, nothing too deep, just how she ruined my life, I told her about you and your drug. She said she'd be happy to meet you.
 So you'll go to the Doctor Who convention with me next week?
 Oh, I actually did hear your eyes roll that time.
 Hey.
 Wow, that's amazing. I'm in a pretty great mood today myself.
 Well, we are, because Dr. Gallo made me realize that I'm a worthwhile person and that my feelings matter.
 Well, what are you thinking of naming it?
 You know what'd be nice? Name it after your girlfriends. Show them how much you care.
 Remember, girls, you decide what makes you happy, not your emotionally withholding mothers.
 What is happening?
 And it's gone.
 Good for you.
 Let me refresh your memory.
 All right, here you go.
 You're not dying. It's just the flu.
 No, he's fine. We just needed a little break.
 I wish that all the time. Usually before I blow out birthday candles.
 Well, you know, Penny and I have been talking about taking a weekend in Vegas. Maybe we should all go.
 That sounds really fun.
 No.
 No.
 So, the guys and I were talking about renting a party bus and everyone going to Vegas.
 Yes. And Howard's birthday was a drop-off party, you didn't have to stay.
 This weekend.
 Well, Vegas, but'
 That's fine, 'cause actually you're not invited.
 Not this time.
 He's coming, too.
 Nope.
 Oh, great. Do that.
 Ah, so like every other M. Night Shyamalan movie I've seen, you spoil it in advance.
 Thank you. I appreciate that.
 Appreciate that, too.
 You're still not coming.
 Sheldon, I accept your apology, but you upset a lot of people while you were sick. I'm not in a position to just say you can come.
 Fine, if you apologize to everyone, they all say it's okay, then yes, you can come.
 Well, I hope it's as much fun as the Sheldon Cooper Spell-Checks Local Menus Tour.
 You think they'll still go on the trip?
 They're not going on the trip.
 That Raj'll be on it before we make it to the freeway?
 Mm-hmm. Well, I would like to propose a toast to a well-deserved weekend of'
 What are you doing?
 What do we do, kick them off?
 Come on, you pain in the ass.
 If I'm going to jail, I'm killing him, not breaking his thumb.
 That someone has a name.
 Fun. Like your Comic-Con Spock ears and your around the house Spock ears.
 Oh, it'll be nice to finally meet her.
 Really? The old Asian man is not your Meemaw?
 Oh, that's nice. Most people her age don't embrace technology.
 Same as when we lost you at the zoo.
 Still doesn't explain how you ended up on the freeway divider.
 Hi. So nice to finally meet you. Let me take this for you, Meemaw.
 Can you please live with us forever?
 That's my best friend.
 Maybe we should give them some privacy.
 Did it?
 Hey. What happened? Is Amy gone?
 Just get in here.
 He never disappoints, does he?
 Hey.
 Penny and I have dinner reservations that night, but any other time, no.
 You don't sound very excited about it.
 Yeah, just get it over with.
 Not really.
 I stopped counting at four.
 She meant Emily.
 Well, you were right, tears.
 Excuse me. Uh, bad news. The ma'tre d' said it's gonna be at least an hour.
 I know.
 Thanks, sorry to bother you. But I said it like a badass.
 Really? I've never done that before. Does it work?
 A lot of attitude from the woman who thought MC squared was a rapper.
 I'm sorry. You're pretty, I'm stupid. Hello. Uh, just checking again for Hofstadter. Still gonna be an hour?
 Okay. Thanks. Hey. I think you may have dropped this?
 Oh, I took care of it.
 What are you gonna say?
 I don't know if I'm comfortable with that.
 See if you can get a table by the window.
 What? Why?
 It's not what we planned, but this isn't so bad, right?
 Well, glad you're feeling better.
 Is that a big deal?
 Sixth grade, but I wore a sport coat and carried a briefcase, so'
 Mm, you watched The Bachelor a lot.
 No, they're not.
 Ha, ha. You married an old man. Tell you what. Let's do something fun tonight.
 Well, maybe not, but some day we actually will be old, and we'll look back on this night and remember what a good time we had.
 I know. Food fight. I'll keep thinking.
 Let's see. What's young and fun? Uh, we could go dancing.
 Are you actually gonna dance?
 Of course.
 No, I don't need any fish nibbling my business.
 That sounds fun. When's it start?
 Midnight. Really? You know what? Let's do it.
 Oh, thank God.
 We are young and fun.
 It can be. Confetti fight. Maybe you should take a break. I got this.
 Hey, Raj, I read a couple of guys in your department may have discovered a new planet in our solar system?
 Hey.
 Ready to play when you are.
 What's going on?
 What? Congratulations.
 Why oh, no?
 Relax, there's room for two babies in this group.
 You're the other baby.
 Would an adult refuse to eat his graham crackers because one of them was broken?
 Buddy, I, I think you might be overreacting.
 It'll be fine. People have kids every day. You'll figure this out.
 Hey, you know what we should do?
 Go out and celebrate. But not your worst idea.
 And his tight little pants that somehow did not make him sterile.
 There's no reason you can't.
 That's just research. We're never gonna make any money from it.
 Uh, these are strong, you should slow down.
 How is that a new invention?
 The same reason we don't do a lot of fun stuff. You.
 Doesn't matter. He's headed for the kitchen anyway.
 Yeah. Why?
 Wow. I've never thought about that.
 You may have actually just come up with something.
 I really do.
 I'm not seeing anyone using liquid helium vortices like this.
 Can you focus on what we're talking about?
 I'd enjoy that.
 I'm telling you, you got this.
 You want it, you got it, oh, you want it, baby you got it
 You want it, you got it, oh, you want it, baby you got it
 Probably 'cause you got to see your man up there rockin' the mic.
 Oh. That was really an asthma attack. I just sold it.
 Me, too. So, you ever think about it?
 I think we'd make amazing parents.
 Way to narrow it down to everything.
 Well, where's that information been this whole time?
 I'll check his room.
 One day. Right.
 And we live here, so we have no choice.
 Well, just don't get anything Jurassic. He feels like that whole chunk of time has gone Hollywood. Hey, uh, you know, he told a sad story about how his sister tricked him into thinking Batman was coming to his party.
 Maybe we could get Batman to actually show up.
 Or a real Batman. Hey, Stuart? Didn't you try to get Adam West to do a signing here once?
 Can I get his contact info?
 He is?
 Uh, nice guy. But it was a little weird to hear Batman say don't ring the doorbell or my poodles will go crazy.
 Don't say that to anyone.
 Are you crazy? How can you put Michael Keaton in front of Christian Bale?
 I'm sold, you're ahead of Bale.
 Sure.
 So, Mother, I'm surprised you came all this way for Sheldon's birthday.
 Oh. You had a party for your 60th?
 Speech! Speech!
 Batman finally came to your party.
 Okay, I'd better go in there and talk to him.
 No offence, but I've known the guy a really long time.
 Again, no offence, but so have I.
 Again, no'
 Hey.
 Leslie. I can't remember the last time we talked. So much has changed.
 Yeah, uh, um, Penny and I got married.
 Yeah, well, don't be a stranger.
 Seriously, Barry, stop.
 Sheldon, we've been together so long, it's hard to remember a time you weren't in my life. And believe me, I try. You make me laugh. You make me a better scientist. You make me crazy. You're more than just my roommate, you're my brother.
 Happy birthday, buddy.
 Uh, Professor Hawking, if you just give us one second, we'll light the candles, and we can all sing together.
 Ready when you are, Professor Hawking.
 Well, he's a patent attorney. Maybe his tie is pending.
 So what happens next?
 Yeah, we did our own search.
 If we do, I am splurging on the best sinus irrigator money can buy.
 Hold on, hold on. So the three of us do all the work and only end up with 25%?
 Well, until you just said that mean thing, kinda.
 Sorry, but we can't sign this.
 Thank you for your time.
 Well, what if we go around the university and just get the patent ourselves?
 Well, our choices are we do this with the university or we don't do it at all.
 Or, if we ended up making money from this, Sheldon and I could split our shares with you.
 Of course, we can split any profits three ways.
 Sure, we could write something up.
 Once I found a stash of contracts under his bed. It was weird.
 I want to say something obnoxious, but it is easy on the eyes.
 Guys, everyone is involved in thios, okay? Howard's invention, Sheldon's math, my original theory that space-time was like a supercooled liquid. Which I'm sure Penny would've mentioned if she wasn't working on that hangnail right now.
 What?
 Good one.
 They've been out there a while.
 You guys all right?
 What? Is there a switch on the back of his neck we don't know about?
 Howard, what do you think?
 Hang on. Maybe there should be a no insult clause about me, too.
 Yeah.
 That beats the onesie I was gonna get them from baby Gap.
 This is cool. When was the last time you and I built something together?
 If there was a Nobel Prize for Millennium Falcons that fall apart when you pick them up, we'd be set.
 Hey. What are you doing here?
 Soup, sandwiches and emasculation, just like my mom used to make.
 Good. Slow.
 You know what, this part isn't that technical. You actually could.
 I'll show you how to do one.
 After you wrap the body in reflective tape, the ends get Teflon tape so we can get a tight seal.
 Yeah, perfect.
 And it helps to have small, delicate fingers. So don't be discouraged if you can't do it as fast as me and Howard.
 We had a full spool yesterday.
 Well, we got to make a run to the hardware store.
 Well, funny story. So, we have plenty of the 60/40 tin-to-lead ratio solder, but the spools look a lot like the 63/37 tin-to-lead'
 Okay. We'll be back as soon as we can.
 Penny says they're having fun working on the prototype.
 I know. I'm lowering the bar so slowly. This time next year she'll have a coin collection.
 Oh. Sorry, we can't.
 What about the girls?
 Okay, we'll take 'em. But, I swear, if it's Will Smith in Shark Tale 2, it better be at least as good as the original.
 What are we gonna tell the girls?
 I mean without lying.
 Come on. We're a couple of smart guys. I'm sure we can come up with a way to explain this that doesn't make us look bad.
 They bought it.
 Oh, you're good at this.
 Hey, you were right.
 Who are you texting?
 He'll never make it in time.
 Ha, ha. Leonard and I are about to see Suicide Squad. Spoiler alert, when I see you I'm gonna spoil it. You're a good friend.
 Hey.
 Listen, we did a stupid thing.
 So, these are for you, and if you're not too mad, we'd love to take you guys to dinner.
 Whatcha doing?
 Why are you pretending to be outdoors? You hate it.
 Buddy, I am ready to drive you into the wilderness any time you want and leave you there.
 Because he's hitting on you?
 Oh, good.
 You and I could still go and have a nice weekend.
 Okay, one sec.
 I bought a baseball cap.
 Uh, Hufflepuff, from Harry Potter.
 Anything you'd like to say to him?
 Why are you so mean to me?
 I know. Did you see they still have a video rental place? it's like Colonial Williamsburg.
 I was afraid he was gonna eat me.
 So nice of that doctor to just let you use it.
 And there goes our hike.
 Have you been outside in the rain with Sheldon?
 You'll wish it would kill you.
 They have some board games.
 I don't think I've lit a real fire before.
 I could stack the logs conically to facilitate airflow.
 Right. So all we need is to'
 A scientist made that.
 To be fair, good at both.
 I've never played that before.
 Okay, I'll go. Never have I ever been arrested.
 Oh, no, it's like a horror movie. We're trapped in a cabin with a maniac.
 This game's dangerous. I could get you in trouble.
 Well, never have I ever used Sheldon's toothbrush to clean the sink.
 Never should've told you about Alvin and the Chipmunks.
 That's right.
 I don't, I know, but this isn't a big deal. It's just a little savings I put aside.
 What, you mean, like, your massive credit card debt?
 Okay, you have every right to be mad. And what you said is true. You do make more money than me. So I had no right to do what I did. And I'm so sorry. I hope you can forgive me.
 A couple years, but I just put a few bucks aside every month for emergencies.
 Six thousand four hundred and twenty seven dollars. Forty seven dollars once my nana's birthday check gets here.
 No, I do, and that's why I hid it.
 Uh, you have shoes you love, but never wear. I have money I love, but never spend. We're kind of a cute couple that way. Again, I'm sorry. I shouldn't have kept it a secret.
 Is it a secret bank account? Because that would be awesome.
 Really? Why?
 Why didn't you tell me?
 That's not true.
 If that's what you want to do, yes.
 Oh, yes.
 Well, that is the grown-up thing.
 I love you.
 You know, never have I ever made love in the forest while it was raining.
 No, he'd be Bat-Man-Bat.
 But what if Man-Man dressed as a bat?
 No, if a man dresses as a bat, that's Batman, but if Man-Man dresses as a bat, that's Batman-Man.
 I thought you were back with Emily.
 You mean like through their window from behind a bush?
 Really? The guy who for years couldn't even talk to women is suddenly going out with two of them? How is that possible?
 Seriously, that guy's dating two women?
 People are coming over, it looked fun.
 Your attendance implies it's not.
 Oh, Sheldon, we don't need a meeting every three months.
 Oh, you know what? I'm not going.
 This meeting is a waste of time. Whether we make the switch from Post Raisin Bran to Kellogg's Raisin Bran should not require parliamentary procedure.
 You're the only one who eats them.
 I'm not going, you can't make me.
 You have fun. I will not be attending.
 Thank you.
 You're being ridiculous.
 Can you please talk to him?
 Because I am tired of him always getting his way. We don't need a stupid meeting. We don't even need a roommate agreement, and I hope that sandwich does cause a party.
 Why are you taking his side?
 Leave me alone.
 Not funny.
 Oh, of course, because I'm the only adult around here.
 Yeah, that's right.
 And I'd think you'd understand why I'm annoyed.
 I don't want to.
 Stop saying meeting.
 You love The Simpsons.
 Oh, good, go. You know, it'll be nice to watch an episode without someone saying, I read the books, don't get too fond of this character.
 Howard, just come in here.
 Oh, I just ran out of patience with Sheldon's nonsense.
 If Sheldon's testosterone dipped, he'd become a butterfly. 
 Stuart.
 No.
 No.
 I don't know how you put up with it. He's impossible. I mean, holding a meeting to decide what breakfast cereal we should buy.
 Anyway, Amy, thank you for sticking up for me.
 Sorry?
 Well, they argue all the time. They aren't that close.
 Penny, but'
 I try to hide it in his peanut butter, but he spits it out.
 Son of a bitch. Why is that funny?
 Oh, well, then you'll enjoy this. Bernadette does the same thing with you and Koothrappali.
 She defends him all the time.
 Who do you think told Koothrappali to go to human resources?
 You're, you're right, it feels good.
 You know, you don't need to use Sheldon to get your way with me in a dumb roommate agreement.
 From Amy.
 Oh, yes, you do. You know you have a weird brother-sister-Elliott-E.T. relationship with him.
 That's different. I'm like the little girl in Poltergeist and he's the creepy thing in the TV.
 I don't think so. Why?
 It just said Italian sub. I had no idea mortadella has pistachios in it.
 That's true.
 Hey.
 Let's get out of here.
 Better than watching a guy in a fur cloak ride a girl's bike? Nope.
 What?
 What is it?
 That sounds fun.
 How come scientists don't win free stuff like salespeople do?
 I'm sure that would pair nicely with your fried nuggets of chicken.
 The difference is she's bringing life into the world, and you suck it out.
 Sure. I'd like to meet her.
 Does this mean Emily's not in the picture anymore?
 Okay, help me out. How are you doing this? Do they know about each other?
 Who's Frank and Alicia?
 All right, here goes nothing.
 Fine. Preliminary trial of the infinite persistence gyroscopic navigational system, phase one commencing.
 Good, it's not just me.
 Hang on.
 Oh, I found a scratch-and-sniff book about wine tasting. It teaches the different flavour notes to look for.
 I mostly just smell my nasal spray.
 Since my preschool got a bunny.
 Okay, have fun.
 We're leaving now!
 Hey.
 Oh, so I shouldn't ask her how she feels about being a member of your harem?
 I smell nothing.
 Just a whole lot of Afrin.
 Yeah, mm-hmm.
 Thanks.
 But we won't bore you with the details.
 What's neat is that they can maintain angular momentum indefinitely.
 And I doubt the military would be interested in our little guidance system.
 Way better.
 I have to admit, I've been worried about the military applications since we started talking about this.
 Why didn't you say something?
 Would you like a glass of wine?
 Maybe we should take a step back.
 No, I mean re-evaluate what we're doing with the guidance system.
 What good is money gonna do if we inadvertently bring about Armageddon?
 How?
 Very funny.
 Well, not really.
 Not a lot. I just couldn't start until you walked away.
 I don't think you have anything to worry about. Raj is a terrific guy, loyal to a fault.
 Morning.
 Ugh. Too much wine.
 Hey, did you ever think about the military applications for the guidance system?
 Does it bother you?
 Who are these people?
 What are you guys doing?
 Oh, let me try.
 Hmm, atom of hydrogen, Adam of Maroon 5, mic drop.
 Oh, hey, Penny, do you want to go to the airport with me later to pick up my mother?
 Thanks.
 Hey, Penny, um, since you're already gonna be at the airport, do I need to go?
 Well, I can do without the 40-minute car ride where she criticizes every aspect of my life.
 Hmm, I just feel like it would be a good chance for you to bond.
 I don't know what he's putting on those cards, but you are smarter than ever.
 Seriously?
 That is very mature of you, so I'm gonna go ahead and say, suckah.
 When's the screening?
 Penny's busy with my mother, so I'm in.
 You do realize we're allowed to have fun without you?
 It's not a big deal. Go shopping with Amy, and we'll save a spot in line for you.
 People do it all the time.
 Waking up, wondering which one of those fans stole our wallets.
 You think it's time you apologize to her yourself?
 So, when the aliens brought you back, they just left the probe in?
 Hey, how'd it go?
 He's just joining his friends; it's fine.
 We'd still get in.
 Still get in.
 We'd still get in, but first I'd hit you over the head with his stick chair.
 Oh, please don't.
 No.
 Boy, I wish I could say no.
 Okay, you may have to pretend you're black to get us out of here.
 Buddy, let it go.
 You did everything you could.
 Now, now, you denigrated the memory of a great civil rights pioneer. That's all anyone could ask.
 Hey.
 Oh, Sheldon invoked Rosa Parks to make somebody who cut the line feel bad, but only the white people felt bad.
 How'd it go with my mother?
 Wow. Well done.
 Did she think you were choking or' I'm sorry, that's great. Thank you for spending time with her.
 Wait, we're gonna get married again?
 Seems like a lot of trouble for a hug.
 Look, in our defence, it was kind of a spur of the moment thing, and also, we don't like her.
 I just said why, we don't like her.
 Is your brother out of prison?
 I'd love it if my dad could come.
 Oh, he's like a different man. He stopped twitching, and I think he grew an inch and a half.
 Sorry, but I don't think I need your permission to have my father at my wedding.
 I know, and there's no excuse for that.
 I was wrong, there's three excuses for that.
 Oh, we have to use the stairs.
 Uh, I don't, any day now.
 Hey, I, I know things are a little rough with you and Mom, but I'm really glad you're here.
 Penny's really looking forward to seeing you.
 Thanks, Dad.
 Hey, we're here.
 Dad, you remember Sheldon.
 This is Sheldon's mother, Mary.
 And his girlfriend, Amy.
 And, of course, Mom.
 All right, you two, don't start. Penny and I are throwing this second wedding for your benefit. Can you please not ruin it?
 Mom.
 Mom, please save something for the toast.
 Is that Howard in front of us?
 I don't know. He uses that traffic app. Maybe there's an accident.
 What is his hurry?
 Hey.
 Oh, we were following Howard, but for some reason, he turned off his headlights and went up a one-way street.
 Okay, Mom, you sit over there.
 Uh, I would like to propose a toast to my wife and bride-to-be.
 Penny, I've always known I loved you, but this last year has shown me that I also love being married to you. Thank you for saying yes.
 Cheers.
 Sure, Dad.
 What is happening there?
 My father's not texting me back.
 I don't like it either.
 What?
 We're not gonna be brothers. We're not gonna be stepbrothers. Go to sleep.
 Go to sleep.
 No.
 I'm sorry if this stuff is gonna make the ceremony awkward.
 Yeah, drive safe. 
 Well, why? What's wrong?
 Not helping, buddy. Mother, Penny and I really want you to be part of this. Please stay.
 Here you are, Mother.
 I'm glad you decided to stay. It's gonna be special for Penny and me to share this with you.
 Yeah, special, like that. 
 Hey, guys, come on in.
 You don't know his girlfriend very well.
 Well, nothing happened, right? It's over. Until we get married a third time, you guys will never have to see each other again.
 Mary, I'm sorry you're in the middle of this.
 Are you saying that my dad's not good enough for your mom?
 This is ridiculous. I'm going across the hall.
 Fine, then you go.
 That still leaves me here with him.
 Hello.
 Oh, you, too. Hey, everyone, this is my mother, Beverley.
 And he can't wait to meet you, too. Can I get anyone a drink?
 Penny, as a scientist, my job is to figure out why things happen. But I don't think I'll ever understand how someone like me could get to be with someone like you. You know, maybe I don't
 Thank you.
 Hey, I'm just thrilled we're all getting along for a minute.
 That's okay. I can make it over.
 That was almost a minute.
 So some alien kid spent his money on the asthma-and-glasses upgrade for me?
 What's up?
 Really?
 You realize if the military declares our research classified, they can take the whole thing away from us.
 There goes our big payday.
 You do that, too?
 Are you crazy? You can't put that on Snapchat.
 That's not a bad idea.
 You're not a lawyer, Sheldon, you're just a know-it-all.
 That's the definition of being a know-it-all.
 Hi. 
 I saw it. It's big.
 Someday, when I'm up on murder charges, you'll be hearing from me.
 'Cause when you talk, it enrages people.
 Yes.
 I'm getting enraged.
 Don't speak.
 Hi.
 Exactly. Yeah, you have a good grasp of the physics.
 Where did you go to school?
 I don't know how I feel about this.
 That's a lot less big.
 Which means I won't be able to make Penny breakfast every day, and she'll realize my brioche French toast was the only thing keeping her in the marriage.
 Oh, thanks, man. 
 Well, the colonel said it was for the good of the country, and the funding is substantial.
 Oh, looks like it.
 Wish we weren't so far from my parking space.
 I'd like to reinstate the you-not-talking rule.
 Is that a retinal scanner?
 No way.
 Oh, my turn, my turn.
 I didn't even have to take my glasses off/
 Sure, I'm still figuring out the thermo-acoustic expander.
 We only have two months to deliver this to the Air Force because of you.
 Guys, we're not gonna get anything done if we start fighting. Now, can you please try
 It's been three and a half minutes, wake up.
 Oh, I had a good dream that when I carried you to bed, I let your head hit the wall and I laughed.
 What is this?
 Oh, that is so nice.
 So, what are you guys gonna do today?
 You don't think you'll be bored?
 : Look at that, it is a party.
 Oh, it's complicated. He finds pushing that little door and reaching up into the machine
 Are you okay?
 According to the world's worst cuckoo clock, it's two.
 What?
 So?
 You only had one.
 We can't afford to lose any more time.
 That's not helpful. It's fun to think about, but it's not helpful. Hey, Sheldon, we are on a serious time crunch. We can't do this without you. Can you please pull it together?
 Thank you.
 I'm gonna get some coffee. You want some?
 Uh, okay, let's pretend you do have a problem.
 You don't.
 No, you don't. But let's say you do. And don't say you do, because you don't. Now, wouldn't you think that throwing yourself into your work would be the best way to deal with it?
 Your problem.
 Is it about the rotational symmetries you should be figuring out or your fake caffeine problem?
 Sheldon. We are dealing with an impossible deadline from the Air Force because of you. So have an energy drink, don't have an energy drink. Order suppositories and shove 'em wherever you want, I don't care.
 Right. Listen to me. We can't do anything until you do your part. So get up in front of this whiteboard and do it.
 Yes, you can.
 Seriously?
 It's okay, we'll figure something out.
 It'll be fine. You'll see. Sheldon? Buddy? 
 Um, I don't really know how to say this.
 Right. Sorry, sir.
 Sir.
 I understand that we're under contract, and I don't know what the consequences of violating that are, but, uh, we're not gonna be able to deliver in the time we promised.
 Thanks for understanding, sir.
 That stinks. How long are you out of the apartment?
 Buildings that have a combination of copper and galvanized steel are susceptible to pinholes and corrosion caused by the mobility of ions in the water. Can't have your head shoved in a toilet as much as I did and not pick up a few things about plumbing.
 And we live with Sheldon, so the word inconvenience has really lost all meaning.
 Mm-hmm. For two of us, it's in the right direction.
 It's only for five weeks.
 You just shaved yesterday. You're good for three months.
 Okay. Star Trek, the original series, the Enterprise was on a five-year mission to explore new worlds. Think of this as your personal five-week mission to do the same.
 And you were worried about the romance. 00:03:18,914
 That's a good question. Maybe just don't come over.
 Just nod and smile. He's almost gone.
 I'm trying to think of an answer that won't stop you from doing this. 
 Never leave a belt on the floor. At night, they look like snakes.
 Keep M&M'S in your pocket in case you have to wait in a long line.
 He startles easily, so, please, no flash photography.
 You enjoy your mission to boldly go where no man has gone before.
 You guys have fun.
 I'm on it. 15 years from now, we'll make guacamole together.
 Good night.
 That's it. It's Sheldon's bedtime, he is in for the night.
 It's weird. This must be how parents feel when their kid goes off to college. Unless they feel sad, then it's different.
 I know exactly what we are gonna do.
 Hey, Sheldon's not here, so we are going to put on music and dance in our underwear.
 Oh, don't worry. Once you see my sweet moves, sex is inevitable.
 I'll just let my hips do the talkin'.
 The world may have forgotten about Dance Dance Revolution, but not this smooth criminal.
 You were right. 
 I feel like I pulled something. Why didn't you tell me to stop?
 If you ever need a break, the owner of the train store will let you leave him there while you get a coffee.
 Yeah.
 Eh.
 Do it.
 I'll give you a hint. We're watching Daredevil.
 Won't.
 Don't.
 And I think the most helpful thing we can tell you is no backsies.
 Hey, she didn't compromise. She settled. There's a difference.
 When you live with someone, there's gonna be conflict. You just have to keep communicating.
 Hey, you can make jokes, but if this keeps up, he's gonna move back in here.
 Good. Then before we reintroduce them, we'll give him one of her sweaters so he can get used to her scent again.
 No, that's actually what we did with him when Howard came back from space.
 Look, here's the thing you need to understand about Sheldon. He's the worst.
 I prefer to think of myself as five-ten, but I still need to get all my pants hemmed.
 Don't beat yourself up. You've never lived with anyone before.
 And you're starting out with Sheldon Cooper. That's like getting your first pet and having it be, I don't know, what's a kind of pet that ruins your life?
 Look, even when Penny and I started living together, there was a learning curve. But I promise you, it does get easier.
 Yeah. My record was six.
 No, don't do that.
 Exactly. Learn from my mistakes. No matter where I am at 7:18am, there better be a toilet nearby.
 Oh, true, but think of how much you've accomplished. Who got him to stop Purelling his pocket change?
 And who got him to put things other than gloves in the glove compartment?
 And who got him to try a turkey dog?
 How can you stop now? That's like walking out of Pinocchio right before he becomes a real boy.
 Of course you do.
 Oh. He can try. He'd just need a good locksmith.
 What do you think?
 How you guys doing?
 Why does she get that? We never got that.
 I'm very happy for you.
 Did we really need to be here for this?
 It's cute, they're having fun living together.
 What do you mean?
 So, she's just been lying to him?
 Yeah, but to make him leave, not to make him stay.
 So their plan for saving the Earth from Armageddon is hoping a bunch of scientists can catch a ball?
 You're awful quiet, everything okay?
 I wouldn't worry about it. She's probably just distracted by work.
 Buddy, buddy, listen, nothing bad is going on, she just, she just didn't want you to know that the work on her apartment was finished a couple weeks ago.
 She's enjoying living with you and she didn't want it to end early.
 Yes.
 Sheldon, this is not a big deal. It's a little white lie, everyone does it.
 Why would you tell him that? That's terrible advice.
 Well, of course not.
 Uh, no. 
 Are you kidding me?
 Superman's gone, my stormtrooper's gone.
 I'd say damn it in Klingon, but that wasn't until next month.
 Khoo-vakh! She took my Where's Waldo.
 Oh, yeah, there he is.
 Eventually, I guess. Although, I am kind of curious how long she thinks she can keep hiding my stuff without me knowing.
 Oh, my God, I'm going blind.
 Yeah?
 jISovbe' (I don't know.)
 ghobe' (No.)
 Fine, I told Sheldon that her apartment's been finished, but then you just said it's not, so now I'm all confused.
 Mm-hmm, and what's it called when you secretly get rid of all your husband's stuff?
 Bernadette told Howard, Howard told me, plus, I can see all my stuff is gone.
 You really didn't think I'd notice my stuff was missing?
 Where's Batman?
 And?
 Ooh, maybe I could turn it into a gaming den.
 But you won't be living here.
 But you won't be living here.
 You guys might want to start eating. But you won't be living here.
 Look, I get it, this is still my room, we haven't really made it yours.
 Which is why I got you this Pink Power Ranger. Put it anywhere you like.
 I'm kidding, I want you to feel at home here. Decorate it any way that makes you happy.
 I really do.
 Yeah? What are you keeping?
 What about my robot poster?
 Oh, hey, Sheldon.
 Over my assless chaps you will.
 Do you know what you need to do now?
 Wow.
 No, no, no, no, no, it's, it's important to me that you have the bedroom you want.
 I love you, too.
 Just hiding some stuff in your closet, don't tell Penny.
 Really? The last green thing I saw you eat was a Skittle.
 How's that broccoli?
 Oh, so she's an astronomer?
 Okay, well, good luck with it.
 I'm married, I don't have to be attractive.
 Why does he need a baby? He's already hairless and smells like talcum powder.
 That's true. Sheldon's father once picked a fight with a cactus.
 Well, we know they were smart enough to send him away.
 Well, have fun with whatever nightmare's behind door number two.
 I'm sorry, is that a yes?
 That is unbelievable. Good for Bert.
 That's Sheldon's way of saying he's proud of Bert, too.
 How much money did he win?
 Wow.
 Right. Be polite.
 Yeah, good for you.
 I know, and it was the greatest sarcastic quip I've ever heard.
 Ignore him, he's just cranky because Bert from the geology lab won a big grant.
 They say it could be a potential indicator of life on other planets.
 It's always fun watching him read someone else's work.
 What are you doing?
 Hey, buddy, why don't we go for a walk, so you can calm down.
 Hey, I'm trying to help you.
 You just wave your arms a little and they fly away, it's not'
 Really, why?
 I couldn't just take the compliment. I had to ask why. You know, I do understand what you're feeling. My brother and sister's accomplishments have always been held over my head.
 I wet the bed until college, but I don't think that's a quality fix.
 Do it. Visualize it as your anger and, and toss it out of your life.
 Let it fly.
 Then he got more angry and kicked the rock with his other foot.
 Oh, I laughed so hard, I burst a blood vessel in my nose. It's fine.
 Although if you are gonna do it again, please let me know, so I can get it on video.
 You're up.
 If it helps, I'm questioning your life choices, too.
 Does it spin around and do tricks?
 Then yeah.
 Oh, how will we ever get used to the new you?
 I think he might be learning on his own.
 Excuse me, I have to go take some pictures.
 It's not hard. Just picture the Three Stooges, and then take away two stooges.
 I've always been jealous of how much money Raj's family has.
 Yeah. I loved it. Love you, love the hair, would love to change the subject.
 Oh, I don't mind. If you pull a butterscotch out of your pocket, it would be like I'm walking with my grandma.
 Well, change plaque to mixed-race couple and you are my grandma.
 Hey, Sheldon, I've got someone here who might make you feel better.
 Oh, it was a good one. He played poker with Sir Isaac, you don't care.
 Do not tell Wolowitz.
 Hey, guys, what are you, oh, that's here, cool.
 Yes, you do.
 Sounds right, a limited edition collectible worth hundreds of dollars and a thing that grew out of a thing we fished from the trash.
 Fine, take the plant.
 Oh, yeah. The Mr. Spock cuckoo clock.
 So you think you should keep it?
 Keep the clock, Sheldon.
 Let me guess, you want it.
 You know what, Sheldon, take it. In fact, you can have everything, I really don't care.
 Well, now they're yours.
 Well, you know what's gonna happen, he's just gonna come up with some reason why everything should be his.
 You know what? There is one thing I would like.
 I would like to keep the official flag of our apartment.
 Yeah, I like this one.
 But you made me order it because you were too well-known in the flag community and they'd jack up the price.
 Oh, I do. The, the field of blue represents you being miserable, and the lion sticking its tongue out means I'm happy about it.
 Is the Wi-Fi working for you?
 Oh, I knew it, Sheldon changed the password.
 Well, the new network name is ha ha ha, now I've got you, so it's either Sheldon or Gargamel from The Smurfs.
 You're good at revenge, how do we get him back?
 Sheldon, I know what you did, now change the password back.
 Sheldon, I'm warning you, I can play this game, too.
 All right, I tried.
 Hey.
 Separating my delicates.
 No. This is the level I am stooping to. I believe that is flag to crotch four, checkmate. Easy-peasy, ooh, so breezy.
 No, last time that old lady in the park kept screaming, watch out, he's right behind you. Hello?
 Uh, can I help you?
 Unbelievable. Okay, uh, I don't know what he told you, but you can't stay here.
 Sheldon, what do you think you're doing? 
 And just leave him here alone?
 Uh, Theodore, how long are you planning to stay exactly?
 This is ridiculous.
 Sheldon, get out here.
 We lived together 13 years. How can you be so awful to me?
 Because you were being selfish.
 Why? I said I didn't care.
 Yeah, thanks, but nobody asked you.
 Well, for me, too. It's not the same with you gone.
 No. 
 Well, I'd like that, too. 
 You promise?
 Good?
 Well, I'm sure at some point, we won't even notice it's there.
 Damn, I need my inhaler.
 No, I went down the stairs too fast.
 I found it, but it's empty.
 Are you sure? I'd really like to.
 Okay, I can breathe again. Babe, they want to have sex.
 If we find my backup inhaler, maybe we can get frisky.
 Found the backup inhaler, want to have sex?
 Hang on. I'm counting. It's okay.
 Come on, everyone to the hospital.
 Well, it is their child.
 It's hard to believe Howard's having a kid.
 It's not just Howard and Bernadette. I mean, look how far we've all come.
 Penny was a struggling actress when we met, and now she's a successful pharmaceutical rep.
 Sheldon, Howard and I are working with the government on our quantum gyroscope.
 Sorry, Stuart.
 I've come to peace with my relationship with my parents. That was a big milestone for me.
 Oh, like Halley's comet.
 Yeah. Let me finish packing this stuff up. You know how Sheldon is if he sees Christmas stuff lying around after New Year's.
 Well, he doesn't live at Walmart, but he still threw a tantrum when he saw Marshmallow Peeps after Easter. And that's the same man who complains you can't find Marshmallow Peeps after Easter.
 Well, he didn't throw up on the baby. That's a win.
 Did you at least have a good flight down there?
 And before our next drive to Comic-Con, I need the name of that juice.
 Hold on. How did you get him in the car?
 Who knows what he has down there.
 Absolutely not.
 Absolutely not.
 Hey.
 And their Sherpas.
 On purpose, not the way it used to happen in high school.
 It might've been the worst one we've ever had.
 Well, we had started binge-watching Luke Cage together, and it was kind of our thing, and then I find out that she watched two episodes without me. 
 Oh, yeah? And you thought Spock ears were only good for Comic-Con.
 Oh cool, I'll be like a pointy-eared Paul Bunyan.
 Stupid idea.
 For the tenth time, my mittens were slippery!
 You know how easily I blister.
 Look, we could keep fighting and let it ruin our night, or, or we can stop and try to salvage the evening.
 Thank you.
 Yeah.
 Do not need a break.
 If I need a break, I'll ask for a break.
 Yeah?
 You want to decorate it tonight?
 By the way, if anyone asks, the elevator shaft always had a tree in it.
 Ignore him. How did you get the baby to stop crying?
 Please tell me you didn't use Amy's magic juice.
 See you guys at work.
 Well, it sounded like you were having a rough day, so i wanted you to come home to something nice.
 Hey, do you remember when we went wine tasting in Santa Barbara and you said that was you'd ever had?
 and this wine is why.
 I made your favourite. Pizza bagels.
 Well, now be careful, these are hot. i could explain the thermodynamics of why the cheese seems hotter than the crust, but instead I'm gonna keep it to myself.
 Well, you know, It's easy to take each other for granted and I never want to do that to you, because your love, it's like a river. It's peaceful and deep. Your soul is, it's like a secret that I could never keep.
 I quoted your favourite Nsync song.
 Damn. I burped so hard, i died in my game.
 Why?
 That's nice. I wear a size eight and a half.
 Are you gonna laugh at the answer?
 If you must know, Penny won a spa weekend from work, and she's taking me.
 So, hang out with me and we'll have boys' night.
 Because we just spent our allowance on comic books.
 Oh, no. Good game.
 Hey.
 Just ignore him.
 What's that supposed to mean?
 Hey, what's going on with you?
 Well, hey, come on, just tell me.
 What? Where is this coming from?
 That is ridiculous. 
 No, no, no, no, let's talk about it. I'm the one who's made all the effort in this relationship since day one. Please tell me what more I could do?
 Fine, go ahead.
 Mm-hmm.
 Have fun.
 Go ahead, it's fine.
 Okay.
 Thank you.
 Thanks.
 Earl grey?
 Honey?
 Unsweetened almond'
 Sorry, thank you.
 I really don't know.
 I don't want to play a game, Sheldon.
 Its not that I'd stopped trying, its just how relationships progress. They start with infatuation, but over time mellow into something more comfortable.
 Is it about the failing state of my relationship with Penny?
 I don't want to wait two days for us to work this out.
 I would pull this car over and kick you out, but If Penny dumps me, you're all I got. 
 Hey.
 I came here to apologize.
 Okay. I don't get it, you said make an effort, here I am making an effort. 
 I don't understand what you want.
 Hey.
 Listen, we realized, that, uh, we're facing some new challenges as a married couple.
 Would you please help us make a relationship agreement? But one that's tailored to us, okay, we don't need a bathroom schedule. 
 What do you say?
 Does it really need to say that?
 Article 10, subsection C, if questioned Penny may not say that everything is fine if it isn't. Other unacceptable responses include, it's nothing, don't worry about it, and, I said it's nothing don't worry about it. 
 Me, too.
 What's going on with that woman you're dating?
 Why?
 Ignore him. Yeah, sorry about the breakup.
 You're not being very nice.
 Careful, I saw this on Star Trek. Smoke's gonna come out of his ears soon. Hey.
 And you think we can get those guys to reprogram Sheldon? Cool.
 That a bunch of awkward scientists with no social skills would invent a machine to do it for them?
 I was thinking maybe a library or a gaming room.
 I don't like trains. You like trains.
 Well, when you get the machine, you can find out.
 No, Raj, that's a terrible idea.
 Hey, great news. The TV I want will fit in the gaming room, and if I leave the curtains open, I can watch it from work.
 Oh. Yeah. Okay, sure. What's going on with your brother?
 Huh. Is that a good idea? I mean, you think they'll consider someone who was in prison for selling drugs?
 Well, I'm sure he'll appreciate carrying his samples in a briefcase instead of his colon. How long do you think he'll stay?
 Hmm. Who knows? That's exciting. I'll get to wake up every morning and see if he's still here.
 Of course not. I mean, he's your brother.
 Remember that when the new TV falls off the wall and crushes us both.
 Yeah, sure. He really worked with the Drug Enforcement Agency?
 How's it working out?
 That's great, I'm happy for you.
 No, it doesn't.
 No.
 I said no.
 Fine. You invited your drug dealer brother to stay with us for God knows how long and didn't bother to ask me first.
 I'm not saying you have to ask my permission, but you could have talked to me about it before you said it was okay.
 Our gaming room. I was gonna put a scented candle in it.
 Because I didn't want to sound like a jerk.
 If you get him a job, he's gonna live here forever!
 Has he ever had his own place?
 Did it have a metal toilet next to the bed?
 Stay out of this. You and your stupid machine started this fight.
 We owe you an apology.
 That was six years ago. I'm talking about tonight.
 And, sorry about the suitcase.
 Mm, Penny's gonna call her dad and tell him it's not a good time for Randall to visit.
 Oh, you're his little girl, he can't stay mad at you.
 So you're gonna throw me under the bus?
 That's because we are.
 We can't. He was already fixed when I found him at the shelter.
 Nicely done, Howard.
 Good for you, on the cutting edge of new technology and still making inappropriate comments about the mother of your child.
 That's great, but the Air Force approved the specs. We're good to go.
 Can we please stop talking about poodles?
 Fine, go for a little walk.
 Just keep walking.
 At least it's quiet when he takes bathroom breaks.
 You're kidding.
 You know, I do have a way to get him out of our hair. I've been holding onto this for a few years, but maybe now's the time.
 You can't kill him, he'll just respawn at the last save point.
 Hey, uh, buddy, I got you a little present.
 Yeah. Go ahead, open it.
 Okay. Where were we?
 This train thing worked out better than I thought. He's home studying the engineer's manual.
 Four thousand dollars, worth every penny.
 Colonel Williams. Sir.
 As a cooling solution, it's pretty cool.
 Oh, nothing. Just some math we don't need.
 It's just a theory. Uh, it's not even worked out.
 Sir, uh, if I may, uh, we've put a lot of thought and effort into this current prototype. It's a really elegant solution, and most importantly, it works.
 Oh, boo-hoo. I spent four grand on a gift that only got rid of him for an afternoon. What is that?
 Okay, look, Sheldon, the Colonel wants us to make the guidance system smaller, and we can't do it without you.
 Sheldon, you can still go on the trip in a few weeks. Just help us out.
 Come on, you know you're not leaving physics. Why are you doing this?
 Okay. This is everything he had on the board. I'm sure we can figure the rest out.
 Oh, we can get this. Is there any chance it's upside-down?
 It's classified. If we tell anyone, we'd get in trouble.
 Just keep thinking. I got it.
 No, but when we show this nonsense to Sheldon, it will make him crazy, and he'll have to fix it.
 Yeah, I know. That's not even a math symbol. That's just Charlie Brown's hair.
 Well, Sheldon, turns out we didn't need you after all.
 No.
 Aren't you gonna look at the board to see how right we are?
 Just look at the board.
 Oh, no, what should we have done differently?
 Come on, Sheldon. You can't turn your back on physics, and besides, you have no idea what you're doing with this stuff.
 And instead of standing around watching, you can help us build your smaller guidance system.
 So, what do you say?
 You can do this.
 This is an Euler's Disk. It's a physics toy that demonstrates angular momentum, potential energy, and kinetic energy.
 But Raj is from India, which means he's no slouch at holding his breath.
 How ya doing?
 Dig deep, like when we bet you couldn't fit into Howard's pants.
 Yes, he is.
 Aw, that used to work with Sheldon.
 Who forgot to crack the window?
 Hey.
 What's going on with your dad?
 But all you did was complain when he did that.
 I'm sorry, is he waiting for someone to disagree?
 I'm trying, but I'm judging.
 Yeah. Well, we work at the same place as you, and we've always been fine.
 Do you know how much your car costs?
 Sounds like you're gonna need a cheaper place to live.
 Hey, you guys let Stuart live with you. Why not Raj, too?
 What if he lives in your garage?
 Yeah.
 Oh, you brought your own lunch. Good for you.
 What brought that on?
 Hey.
 We're helping Raj figure out his finances.
 What is Pink Cheeks?
 Maybe you should find someone to help you get your finances under control.
 We don't know, his mother never had him tested.
 No. Which will make me miserable, which is usually Sheldon's job.
 She's gonna hate how often we say the word panels.
 Well, she's so excited, I can't do that to her.
 That I would do to her.
 See? Miserable.
 Hang, hang on. So I have to bring Penny, you can't afford it, Howard's gonna get in trouble, and this guy gets to have a great time.
 Okay, so this is the main Comic-Con floor. It's where all the vendors and exhibits are.
 I know. Sometimes Howard wears a striped shirt so we can play Where's Wolowitz? Okay, now, This is us camping out in line for the Avengers panel.
 Yeah. It can get chilly, but Raj figured out that if you pee in a bottle and put it in your sleeping bag, it helps keep you warm. Here's the hotel room we all share. 
 Every hotel is booked. But, yeah, see this space here between Sheldon's feet and my head? That's where you go.
 Don't worry, we won't be doing much sleeping anyway. It's like an all-night party. There's trivia contests and Dungeons & Dragons. As we like to say, it's off the chain mail.
 I even said off the chain mail, and she still wants to go.
 Hey, I was thinking, if you want to do a couples costume, we could paint ourselves green and be Hulk and She-Hulk. Or we could paint ourselves blue and go as Nightcrawler and Mystique.
 Yeah, if you want us to look like losers.
 Yeah, of course, why?
 Oh, why? Do you not want to go?
 No, I want you to go.
 Now we're going as Hulk and She-Hulk. I don't want to take my shirt off at Comic-Con.
 Is that nice?
 Uh, it's more complicated than that.
 Do you think she's as honest with you?
 Sure, or you can.
 I don't have a problem with your driving.
 He wasn't in a car, but okay.
 I honestly don't.
 If you want to drive, just drive. I don't see why this has to be so complicated.
 That's not it because you're clearly upset.
 Why would I be upset?
 Well, I just don't think you're gonna have a good time.
 Why would you say you wanted to go if you didn't?
 O-o-o-okay, hold on, so if you don't want to go and I don't need to bring you, is everything good?
 All right, problem solved.
 Now you can come with us.
 You know what? I've gone 12 times. Maybe I'll sit out this year, too.
 Yeah. Maybe you and I can do something fun that weekend.
 Oh, how about we compromise and go on the Small World ride at Disneyland?
 Aw, man, did you see this post from Raj?
 No. He can't afford his apartment, and he's asking if anyone knows of a cheap place to live. I want to say India, but it seems mean.
 We do have Sheldon's old room. If he really needs a place to stay, I guess we should offer it to him.
 Am I still a good friend if I wait and hope that Howard offers him a place to live first?
 Hey, buddy, you still looking for a place to live?
 You know, we have the extra bedroom, and if you need it, it's yours.
 It's the least we can do.
 I don't have a loofah.
 Hey.
 Yeah, for a little while.
 And I think it's nice that you're taking whatever medication Amy's clearly giving you.
 Just when I thought you couldn't get any hotter.
 Do not adjust the dosage. You nailed it.
 I don't know. Yours looks like he has worms.
 Hey. 
 Perfect timing. Food's ready.
 You didn't do anything, it's Sheldon. That'd make a nice needlepoint pillow.
 I don't know who you talked to, but that wasn't my mother.
 Why are you saying we have marital problems? We don't have marital problems.
 Look, just because we took our friend in does not mean that Penny and I are afraid to be alone.
 Well, now that you point it out'
 We do seem to keep finding room mates.
 Did you know Raj moved out last night?
 Leonard and Penny, I'm sorry for all the trouble I've caused. I went to stay at Howard's. PS Cinnamon's with me, but if you feel like messing with Sheldon, tell him she's loose in the building.
 Should we go bring him back?
 Oh, that was just because my mother got in my head. It's like being possessed, but instead of Satan it's, actually, it's the same thing.
 Well, great.
 Just one second. Help, Cinnamon's loose in the building.
 You are not a burden, and we want you to come back and stay with us.
 I thought we were getting breakfast before work.
 It's cute that you think that. Don't worry about it.
 Sure. You're living here for free, I guess I owe you.
 Bye.
 Well, she's done.
 He does raise an interesting point.
 I understand it, Sheldon.
 Who's Paul?
 Oh, sure. Wait, Nancy?
 Jerry?
 Tina?
 I went to your office Christmas party?
 I'd still like to know who Jerry is.
 That would be great. Thank you.
 Or we could do something we'll all enjoy, like play a board game.
 I mean, they didn't say anything, but I just kind of felt like I was being a weird third wheel.
 Anyway, I figured I can hang out with my friends and have fun, too.
 Oh, it's just nice to be with people who are happy to have me around. Isn't that right, Halley?
 I mean, I'm glad they're getting along, but it's starting to make me uncomfortable.
 A little, until I saw them in matching tops.
 Well, what am I supposed to say, stop having fun without me?
 I know, but he was my friend first. It's like she's stealing him and they're just having the best time doing all their dumb girly stuff together.
 You know, it's nice to spend time with people who don't talk about work like it's some kind of soap opera.
 Yeah.
 I'm sure I'm overreacting.
 I don't want to sound like a jealous baby.
 Anyway, I know it's silly, but since Raj moved in, I've been feeling a little left out.
 Thank you. I just feel'
 Well, to be truthful'
 Thank you. I'
 Hey, Olsen twins'
 Well, I mean, I'm sitting right here. You're talking about my feelings and somehow leaving me out of the conversation.
 I don't know, you pretty much covered it.
 Oh, I would, but we need to make a push on the air force project.
 Yeah, why?
 We've had this planned for a week.
 I'm sorry, what is this plan you have?
 When does that start?
 It's getting harder to pretend.
 It can't be four revolutions, it's got to be seven.
 Oh, my God, it's seven.
 Seven.
 I got to admit, we didn't think you'd be able to do two things at once.
 I don't know, we came home from work and we found you.
 You did seem a little loopy when you showed up at the lab.
 She's kidding.
 How could you lose that?
 Well, it's not across the hall.
 But, boy, it is funny to think about.
 Relax. I know when you go for a run, you stop for a donut.
 Ask him.
 You understood the math?
 That's just great.
 I honestly don't remember.
 So Howard back Monday?
 Hey. Want to join us?
 So, Sheldon says you have a new girlfriend.
 Hey, we're all having dinner tonight. Why don't the two of you join us?
 Don't you have any friends he can date?
 Hey.
 Is that it?
 No, it's always him.
 So, Rebecca, how did you become a personal trainer?
 Nice try. I'm not going.
 Mm, just down there.
 And we lived happily ever after. 
 O-o-o-o-oh.
 That's actually funny.
 Oh, hello. Join us.
 Wow, that's a big step.
 Is that Bert?
 If you're that upset, go get her back.
 You called on him.
 You don't have to go. You're welcome to hang with us.
 It's totally different. Bert's money might run out, but I can beg until the end of time.
 We're pinned down.
 Sheldon, why are you jumping up and down?
 Aw.
 Doing it right now. Oh, they can't. There's an important Little League game tomorrow.
 Mm, if it makes you feel better, you still dress like a child.
 Hot dogs.
 You're gonna have to be more specific.
 More.
 Oh, the video game. Yeah, that was bad.
 How is super-aging any different than, like, doing crossword puzzles?
 I drive you to work every day, my brain must look like the Hulk.
 Yeah, I guess.
 Honestly? It's a little strange having dinner with your ex-boyfriend, and it's not like we have a lot to talk about.
 It'll be fine, let's just go.
 Aaargh.
 Ha, I knew you weren't asleep.
 I have Sheldon, that keeps most people away.
 Oh, I know what he's saying, and he's not, he's not funny.
 She's doing amazing. She can actually make a side effect, like 10% chance of liver failure, sound like a 90% chance of liver success.
 Yeah. Although, when he was trying to figure out the tip, I'm pretty sure I saw smoke coming out of his ears. You're not really considering working for him, are you?
 Don't you think it might be a little weird to work for someone you used to date?
 Yeah, it's weird.
 No, no, I'm not jealous, I just think you have got a good thing going where you are right now, and you make great money and you haven't slept with any of your co-workers.
 Uh.
 Of course I don't want you to be unhappy, but I also want you to be smart, and working for an ex-boyfriend isn't very smart. You don't have to stop, just slow down, I'll jump out.
 No, I told her she was being not smart. Which was dumb.
 We covered this, I'm dumb.
 So you think it's fine if she works for Zack?
 Yeah, but she also used to sleep with Zack.
 Thank you.
 So you think it's okay?
 Hi.
 That doesn't seem to be where I shine. How about I just give you one of these?
 Yeah, sorry.
 Well, thanks. And I don't want you to be stuck at a job you don't like.
 Well, I don't love it, but if you really want to take this job, I'll find a way to deal with it.
 No, no, no, no, you're, you're unhappy there and then you're gonna blame me for making you stay, and it's fine, I'll just, I'll suck it up.
 Yeah, see, now I feel terrible, like I'm being selfish and holding you back. What? Say something. Yeah, that is pretty annoying.
 Absolutely. I just want you to be happy. And maybe a little turned on about how selfless I'm being.
 Not if I want to be doing this later.
 Thank you.
 Hey, a toast. Thank you all for your support while we worked on our Air Force project. And please know that we could not have done it without you, so cheers.
 First thing tomorrow morning, we're back at it.
 Hmm. I don't care if this thing is burning out my retinas, it makes me feel special. Now, before we field test, I think we'
 Where is everything?
 It's a secure lab in a classified facility, only the U.S. government and us.
 Sir, I, I, I'm sorry but I just don't get it. You came into our lab in the middle of the night and took our prototype and all of our research and didn't even tell us?
 Are you implementing phase two?
 I can't believe the Air Force would treat us like that.
 Third floor, wrong apartment.
 She might disappear, but she's definitely not cleaning anything.
 You won't believe it, the military confiscated our project.
 Yeah, what's going on with you guys?
 Oh, no. When?
 So, are you excited to have your own place again?
 Ah, we'll miss you, too.
 I'm trying. This is the best I can do. What are you doing?
 Uh, could I talk to you in the hall for a sec?
 Sheldon, you're being silly.
 Do you really care about that last one?
 Instead of dwelling on the negative, think about this. Your girlfriend was given an amazing opportunity, which gives you an opportunity to show her that you're a loving and supportive boyfriend.
 All right, let me start again. Uh, you and Amy'
 Thank you.
 Should we give them their privacy?
 Well, the last three nights I've had to take him to get a haircut, to the train store, and to a Walgreens in Arcadia where they still have the good ibuprofen. Now ask me how I'm doing with Amy gone.
 Shut up.
 Oh, that would be great.
 Great. Tonight he wants to look at ladders at Home Depot.
 He doesn't; he just likes looking at them. Bring a book.
 Hello.
 Oh. I love those.
 Wait, isn't she the grad student that used to follow him around?
 Knowing Sheldon, nothing.
 He just made her laugh, something's wrong.
 Ah, did you see that? She just touched his hand and he didn't swat it away. What is happening?
 Penny laid into me, too. Apparently, I'm overly fixated on premium Swiss chocolate bars.
 If I take a Lactaid a half-hour before and some Pepto right after.
 Eh, I'm worth it.
 Like what?
 No offence, Stuart, but the woman's a doctor.
 You kept walking. I think you did.
 Yeah, she's definitely going after Sheldon.
 And you actually got in a pool?
 Uh, so, Ramona, tell us about yourself. Do you, do you have a boyfriend?
 You think you should call Amy?
 You got feet and legs, you do it.
 Our pleasure.
